A 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .	
A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .	
A DOA dud from frame one .	
A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .	
A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .	
A bad movie that happened to good actors .	
A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .	
A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .	
A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .	
A cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .	
A chiller resolutely without chills .	
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore . '	
A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .	
A decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .	
A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .	
A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .	
A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .	
A devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .	
A dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .	
A dreary movie .	
A dull , dumb and derivative horror film .	
A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .	
A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .	
A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .	
A fifty car pileup of cliches .	
A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .	
A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .	
A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .	
A full-frontal attack on audience patience .	
A generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .	
A generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .	
A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather .	
A gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .	
A half-assed film .	
A horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .	
A humorless journey into a philosophical void .	
A lame comedy .	
A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .	
A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .	
A less-than-thrilling thriller .	
A limp Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .	
A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .	
A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .	
A lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .	
A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .	
A loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '	
A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .	
A loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series .	
A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .	
A major waste ... generic .	
A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .	
A mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia	
A mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences .	
A movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .	
A movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .	
A movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls .	
A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .	
A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .	
A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .	
A pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .	
A peculiar misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .	
A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .	
A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .	
A poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .	
A predictable , manipulative stinker .	
A preposterous , prurient whodunit .	
A profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .	
A ragbag of cliches .	
A real snooze .	
A relative letdown .	
A rip-off twice removed , modeled after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege , sometimes referred to as Die Hard on a boat .	
A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .	
A sentimental mess that never rings true .	
A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .	
A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .	
A smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .	
A so-so , made-for-TV something posing as a real movie .	
A story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .	
A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .	
A summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .	
A surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .	
A terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .	
A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric ` Scream . '	
A thriller without a lot of thrills .	
A tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .	
A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .	
A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .	
A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '	
A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .	
A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy .	
A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .	
A work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .	
A yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .	
A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .	
About as enjoyable , I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .	
About the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .	
Abysmally pathetic	
Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .	
After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .	
After several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .	
After sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .	
After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .	
After you laugh once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB- , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .	
Aggravating and tedious .	
Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	
Alas , getting there is not even half the interest .	
All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .	
All of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .	
All the Queen 's Men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .	
All the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .	
Aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .	
Although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .	
Amazingly lame .	
An almost unbearably morbid love story .	
An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .	
An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .	
An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .	
An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .	
An awful lot like one of -LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .	
An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .	
An awful snooze .	
An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .	
An empty , purposeless exercise .	
An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .	
An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .	
An extremely unpleasant film .	
An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .	
An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .	
An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .	
An infuriating film .	
An ugly , pointless , stupid movie .	
An ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .	
An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone does have a center , though a morbid one .	
An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .	
An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .	
An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .	
An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	
And it 's a lousy one at that .	
And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .	
And it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .	
Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .	
Another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .	
Another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .	
Any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .	
Anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .	
Apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .	
As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .	
As a director , Eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .	
As a remake , it 's a pale imitation .	
As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .	
As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .	
As gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut Dahmer -LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .	
As it is , it 's too long and unfocused .	
As pedestrian as they come .	
As plain and pedestrian as catsup --	
As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .	
As pure over-the-top trash , any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .	
As steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .	
As the movie dragged on , I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .	
Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	
Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .	
At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .	
At times , it actually hurts to watch .	
Attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .	
Bad and baffling from the get-go .	
Bad movie .	
Banal and predictable .	
Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .	
Bears is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .	
Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .	
Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .	
Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .	
Behind the glitz , Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .	
Below is well below expectations .	
Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .	
Big Fat Liar is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .	
Black-and-white and unrealistic .	
Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .	
Boring and meandering .	
Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .	
Both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .	
Boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .	
Bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .	
Bread , My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .	
Brisk hack job .	
Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .	
Burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .	
But if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .	
But it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .	
But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary .	
But the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .	
But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .	
But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences	
But the second half of the movie really goes downhill .	
But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .	
But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .	
By that measure , it is a failure .	
By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	
By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .	
Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .	
Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .	
Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .	
Characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .	
Cinematic poo .	
Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	
Co-writer\/director Jonathan Parker 's attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .	
Coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .	
Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth .	
Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .	
Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .	
Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .	
Comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .	
Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .	
Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .	
Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .	
Confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it .	
Constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .	
Contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .	
Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .	
Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly as possible	
Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .	
Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .	
Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .	
Crummy .	
Crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .	
Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered .	
Degenerates into hogwash .	
Depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .	
Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .	
Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .	
Despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .	
Despite bearing the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .	
Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .	
Despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie	
Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .	
Diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance	
Director Douglas McGrath takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .	
Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .	
Disgusting .	
Dismally dull sci-fi comedy .	
Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .	
Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .	
Do n't even bother to rent this on video .	
Does n't add up to much .	
Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .	
Does n't deserve a passing grade -LRB- even on a curve -RRB- .	
Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .	
Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .	
Dramatically lackluster .	
Dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .	
Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .	
Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .	
Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .	
Enough said , except : Film overboard !	
Epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .	
Equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .	
Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .	
Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .	
Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...	
Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , Sorority Boys is a bowser .	
Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .	
Even if you 're an Elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .	
Even on its own ludicrous terms , The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .	
Even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .	
Eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .	
Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .	
Every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .	
Every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .	
Everything was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had .	
Execrable .	
Extremely bad .	
Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix .	
Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .	
Far too clever by half , Howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .	
Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .	
Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .	
Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .	
Feels more like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .	
Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .	
Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .	
Final verdict : You 've seen it all before .	
For a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over , No Such Thing is a big letdown .	
For a story set at sea , Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '	
For dance completists only .	
For its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .	
For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .	
For the future , one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .	
For the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .	
Forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .	
Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .	
Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .	
Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .	
From the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` Besotted '' is misbegotten	
Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .	
Gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .	
Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .	
Generic thriller junk .	
Get out your pooper-scoopers .	
Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .	
Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .	
Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum .	
Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .	
Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .	
Guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .	
Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .	
Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .	
Haneke 's script -LRB- from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .	
Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .	
Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .	
Has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .	
Hate it because it 's lousy .	
Her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .	
Hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?	
High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .	
Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .	
Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .	
Hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .	
Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .	
Horrible .	
How about surprising us by trying something new ?	
How inept is Serving Sara ?	
Humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .	
Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .	
I 'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls	
I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring .	
I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .	
I 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .	
I 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .	
I 've never seen -LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic ...	
I approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .	
I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...	
I ca n't recommend it .	
I can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down .	
I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .	
I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?	
I found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .	
I guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .	
I hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .	
I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .	
I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .	
I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .	
I like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .	
I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .	
I still want my money back .	
I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care .	
Idiotic and ugly .	
If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .	
If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .	
If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .	
If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .	
If there 's a heaven for bad movies , Deuces Wild is on its way .	
If there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .	
If this is cinema , I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .	
If we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?	
If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .	
If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , I have just one word for you - -- Decasia	
If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then Blood Work is for you .	
If you go , pack your knitting needles .	
If you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .	
If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .	
Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma .	
Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .	
Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .	
In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .	
In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .	
In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .	
In all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .	
In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .	
In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .	
In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .	
In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .	
In other words , it 's badder than bad .	
In terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .	
In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .	
In the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .	
In the end , there is n't much to it .	
Instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .	
Instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .	
Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .	
Instead of making his own style , director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture	
Interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .	
Irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .	
Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?	
It 's Pauly Shore awful .	
It 's Splash without the jokes .	
It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .	
It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .	
It 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .	
It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .	
It 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .	
It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .	
It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .	
It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .	
It 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .	
It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .	
It 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .	
It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .	
It 's all surface psychodramatics .	
It 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .	
It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '	
It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .	
It 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .	
It 's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .	
It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''	
It 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows .	
It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .	
It 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .	
It 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .	
It 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .	
It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .	
It 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .	
It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .	
It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .	
It 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .	
It 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .	
It 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .	
It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .	
It 's horribly depressing and not very well done .	
It 's just merely very bad .	
It 's just rather leaden and dull .	
It 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .	
It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .	
It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .	
It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .	
It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars	
It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .	
It 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .	
It 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...	
It 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .	
It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .	
It 's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .	
It 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison .	
It 's still terrible !	
It 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .	
It 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .	
It 's that painful .	
It 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .	
It 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name .	
It 's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .	
It 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .	
It 's uninteresting .	
It aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .	
It all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .	
It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .	
It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .	
It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .	
It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .	
It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .	
It does n't work as either .	
It ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .	
It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .	
It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .	
It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .	
It is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .	
It is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .	
It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !	
It is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .	
It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .	
It is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .	
It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .	
It just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on -LRB- or be entertained by -RRB- .	
It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .	
It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .	
It makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly .	
It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .	
It may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . ''	
It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .	
It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .	
It shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .	
It sucked .	
It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .	
It would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .	
It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .	
Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set .	
Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .	
Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .	
Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .	
Just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .	
Just dreadful .	
Just plain bad .	
Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .	
Kirshner and Monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .	
Kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .	
Koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .	
Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .	
Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .	
Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .	
Laughably , irredeemably awful .	
Lazy , miserable and smug .	
Lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .	
Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .	
Like Rudy Yellow Lodge , Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	
Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .	
Like a can of 2-day old Coke .	
Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .	
Like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .	
Like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .	
Like the Tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on	
Long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .	
Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .	
Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin .	
Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .	
Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .	
Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .	
Loud , silly , stupid and pointless .	
MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .	
Madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .	
Maid in Manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .	
Make like the title and dodge this one .	
Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .	
Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .	
Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .	
Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit .	
Master of Disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .	
May cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .	
Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .	
McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .	
McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .	
Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic .	
Merely -LRB- and literally -RRB- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .	
More of the same old garbage Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .	
Most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .	
Most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .	
Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved	
Most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .	
Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .	
Mr. Deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .	
Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .	
Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .	
Ms. Phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .	
Much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .	
Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .	
Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .	
My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .	
My own minority report is that it stinks .	
My precious new Star Wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...	
Nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .	
Nearly every attempt at humor here is DOA .	
Neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	
Never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .	
Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .	
New ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .	
No , I hate it .	
No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .	
No amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .	
No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .	
No amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .	
No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .	
No big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .	
No cute factor here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	
No film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .	
No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised .	
Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .	
None of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .	
None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .	
Not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it would be all that interesting .	
Not counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .	
Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .	
Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .	
Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .	
Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .	
Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .	
Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .	
Nothing about this movie works .	
Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .	
Nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .	
Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .	
Oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .	
Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .	
Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .	
On a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .	
On its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .	
Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .	
Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .	
Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .	
One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .	
One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .	
One of the most highly-praised disappointments I 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .	
One of the most incoherent features in recent memory .	
One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .	
One of the worst films of 2002 .	
One of the worst movies of the year .	
One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .	
One of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .	
One sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .	
Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .	
Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '	
Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .	
Ozpetek offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves .	
Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .	
Partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .	
Perhaps the grossest movie ever made .	
Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .	
Philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .	
Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .	
Please , someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .	
Plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	
Plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .	
Pompous and garbled .	
Poor Ben Bratt could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .	
Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .	
Predictably soulless techno-tripe .	
Press the delete key .	
Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .	
Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .	
Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .	
Rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .	
Rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .	
Rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .	
Rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .	
Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .	
Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .	
Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .	
Ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .	
Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .	
Rollerball IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .	
Run for your lives !	
Sade achieves the near-impossible : It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard .	
Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .	
Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .	
Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .	
Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings , Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .	
Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .	
Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful . ''	
Sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .	
Shallow , noisy and pretentious .	
Shankman ... and screenwriter Karen Janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story .	
Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .	
Sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .	
Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...	
Should have gone straight to video .	
Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .	
Sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .	
Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD .	
Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .	
Slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .	
Slap me , I saw this movie .	
Sluggish , tonally uneven .	
So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .	
So boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .	
So devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .	
So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .	
So putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .	
Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .	
Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .	
Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .	
Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .	
Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations	
Staggeringly dreadful romance .	
Staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .	
Stale and	
Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .	
Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .	
Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar .	
Stealing Harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .	
Stealing Harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .	
Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .	
Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .	
Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short .	
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .	
Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .	
Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .	
Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer demands .	
Suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .	
Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .	
Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .	
Swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell .	
Swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .	
Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera .	
Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .	
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .	
Terminally brain dead production .	
Terrible .	
Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .	
That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .	
That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .	
The 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .	
The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a whole lot of nada .	
The Country Bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .	
The French director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .	
The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .	
The Master of Disguise is awful .	
The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .	
The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia .	
The Sweetest Thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .	
The Sweetest Thing leaves a bitter taste .	
The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .	
The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .	
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .	
The acting is n't much better .	
The action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .	
The actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .	
The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .	
The animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication .	
The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .	
The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .	
The big-screen Scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .	
The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .	
The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .	
The characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .	
The characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .	
The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects .	
The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament .	
The comedy is nonexistent .	
The crap continues .	
The cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .	
The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge .	
The directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep .	
The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .	
The disjointed mess flows as naturally as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .	
The documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .	
The drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .	
The effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .	
The emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .	
The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .	
The entire movie is in need of a scented bath .	
The entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .	
The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .	
The film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .	
The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .	
The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .	
The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .	
The film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .	
The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .	
The film is all over the place , really .	
The film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .	
The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .	
The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .	
The first Fatal Attraction was vile enough .	
The following things are not at all entertaining : The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy .	
The heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot .	
The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .	
The issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .	
The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .	
The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .	
The kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .	
The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... It 's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition .	
The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .	
The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .	
The leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .	
The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .	
The main characters are simply named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .	
The misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .	
The most horrific movie experience I 've had since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . ''	
The most memorable moment was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .	
The most offensive thing about the movie is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .	
The most repugnant adaptation	
The most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .	
The movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .	
The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '	
The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .	
The movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .	
The movie has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .	
The movie is a desperate miscalculation .	
The movie is a dud .	
The movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .	
The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .	
The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .	
The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .	
The movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .	
The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .	
The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .	
The movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .	
The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .	
The movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .	
The movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .	
The nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .	
The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .	
The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm .	
The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .	
The only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .	
The only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .	
The only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .	
The only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .	
The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .	
The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .	
The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .	
The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !	
The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .	
The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .	
The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .	
The picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .	
The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .	
The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .	
The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired .	
The problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .	
The problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .	
The problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .	
The problem with ANTWONE FISHER is that it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher .	
The project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting .	
The rest of the film ... is dudsville .	
The result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood .	
The satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .	
The script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .	
The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .	
The script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .	
The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .	
The secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again .	
The sheer dumbness of the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .	
The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .	
The slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .	
The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .	
The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .	
The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .	
The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .	
The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .	
The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .	
The thing just never gets off the ground .	
The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -LRB- of which they 'll get plenty -RRB- fills me with revulsion .	
The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .	
The title , alone , should scare any sane person away .	
The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .	
The waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .	
The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .	
The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '	
The whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .	
The worst film of the year .	
Their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .	
Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .	
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .	
There 's already been too many of these films ...	
There 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .	
There 's no energy .	
There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes , plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .	
There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .	
There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .	
There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .	
There 's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever .	
There 's nothing to gain from watching They .	
There 's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .	
There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .	
There 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .	
There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .	
There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .	
There are now two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs .	
There is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .	
There is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .	
There is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .	
There is nothing redeeming about this movie .	
There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .	
They were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .	
Think The Lion King redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star .	
This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E !	
This Tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .	
This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .	
This franchise has not spawned a single good film .	
This hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .	
This ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .	
This is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .	
This is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .	
This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .	
This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .	
This is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .	
This is just lazy writing .	
This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .	
This is one baaaaaaaaad movie .	
This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .	
This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why ? '	
This is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .	
This is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .	
This is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .	
This is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .	
This is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .	
This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '	
This is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .	
This kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	
This little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .	
This long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .	
This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .	
This ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .	
This mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .	
This movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .	
This movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .	
This movie is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .	
This movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .	
This one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .	
This overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .	
This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .	
This pathetic junk is barely an hour long .	
This picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .	
This strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .	
This stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .	
This thing is just garbage .	
This thing is virtually unwatchable .	
This thing works on no level whatsoever for me .	
This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .	
Thoroughly awful .	
Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .	
Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents	
Thumbs down .	
Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .	
Tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .	
To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !	
To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .	
To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .	
To call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .	
To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .	
To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .	
To the civilized mind , a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .	
Too bad none of it is funny .	
Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .	
Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .	
Tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House but instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel .	
True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .	
Truly terrible .	
Two hours of junk .	
Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .	
Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .	
Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .	
Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title .	
Unfortunately , it 's also not very good .	
Unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .	
Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .	
Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .	
Unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .	
Utter mush ... conceited pap .	
Very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .	
Very stupid and annoying .	
Viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .	
Vulgar is too optimistic a title .	
Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?	
We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold .	
We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .	
We ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .	
We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .	
We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .	
We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine .	
Wedding feels a bit anachronistic .	
Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .	
Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .	
What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .	
What 's missing in Murder by Numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .	
What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .	
What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .	
What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !	
What an embarrassment .	
What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .	
What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .	
What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .	
What might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen or Mel Brooks -LRB- at least during their '70s heyday -RRB- comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .	
What more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?	
What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .	
What should have been a cutting Hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety .	
What soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .	
What starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .	
What ultimately makes Windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .	
What we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .	
What we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .	
What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .	
When it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .	
When you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .	
Where 's the movie here ?	
Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .	
While the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon , Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .	
Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .	
Why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?	
Why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?	
Will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .	
With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .	
With jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .	
With little visible talent and no energy , Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .	
With the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .	
Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .	
Without any redeeming value whatsoever .	
Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .	
Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .	
Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?	
Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero .	
Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't .	
You 'll cry for your money back .	
You 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .	
You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .	
You 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .	
You 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .	
You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .	
You ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .	
You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars .	
You can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .	
You can practically hear George Orwell turning over .	
You could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .	
You expect more from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB- than this cliche pileup .	
You have no affinity for most of the characters .	
You may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .	
You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .	
` In this poor remake of such a well loved classic , Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '	
` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '	
` Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self-pitying , I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .	
` Punch-Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '	
` The War of the Roses , ' trailer-trash style .	
` This movie sucks . '	
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .	
`` Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	
`` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	
`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way .	
`` Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .	
`` Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .	
`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .	
`` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .	
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre	
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .	
an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton .	
but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ? '	
director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention	
for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience	
frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context	
is a mess .	
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '	
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House .	
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .	
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	
or maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''	
the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .	
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	
under-rehearsed and lifeless	
A Blair Witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .	
A Movie to Forget	
A `` Home Alone '' film that is staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .	
A backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .	
A baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .	
A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .	
A battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .	
A beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '	
A beyond-lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .	
A big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .	
A big fat pain .	
A big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .	
A bit too eager to please .	
A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder	
A bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for Universal Studios and its ancillary products . . .	
A bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .	
A bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .	
A boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad .	
A brutally dry satire of Middle American numbness .	
A cartoon ?	
A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .	
A characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .	
A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...	
A cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .	
A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .	
A cockeyed shot all the way .	
A complete waste of time .	
A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .	
A culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .	
A dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .	
A dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .	
A determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .	
A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip .	
A disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .	
A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .	
A distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .	
A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .	
A domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .	
A dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any Hollywood fluff .	
A droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State .	
A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .	
A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .	
A fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .	
A feeble Tootsie knockoff .	
A feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .	
A few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .	
A few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .	
A few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic .	
A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .	
A film that loses sight of its own story .	
A film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .	
A film that suffers because of its many excesses .	
A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .	
A film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .	
A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .	
A generic international version of a typical American horror film .	
A good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .	
A grating , emaciated flick .	
A great script brought down by lousy direction .	
A gushy episode of `` M \* A \* S \* H '' only this time from an Asian perspective .	
A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .	
A high-minded snoozer .	
A hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .	
A horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .	
A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .	
A kilted Jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .	
A light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .	
A lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures .	
A listless and desultory affair .	
A little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .	
A little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .	
A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films .	
A little weak -- and it is n't that funny .	
A loquacious and dreary piece of business .	
A lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .	
A low-rent retread of the Alien pictures .	
A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .	
A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .	
A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .	
A mess .	
A mimetic approximation of better films	
A minor-league soccer remake of The Longest Yard .	
A movie like The Guys is why film criticism can be considered work .	
A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .	
A movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .	
A movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .	
A movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people .	
A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita .	
A movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .	
A movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .	
A moving picture that does not move .	
A muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .	
A muted freak-out	
A nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .	
A negligible British comedy .	
A noble failure .	
A non-Britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .	
A non-mystery mystery .	
A not-so-Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood with a hefty helping of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes .	
A painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car .	
A pale Xerox of other , better crime movies .	
A party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .	
A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .	
A perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .	
A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .	
A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .	
A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .	
A potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .	
A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .	
A processed comedy chop suey .	
A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .	
A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .	
A puzzle whose pieces do not fit .	
A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .	
A rather tired exercise in nostalgia .	
A reality-snubbing hodgepodge .	
A really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .	
A rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .	
A relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action flick .	
A retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by Martin Scorsese .	
A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .	
A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .	
A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .	
A sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .	
A selection of scenes in search of a movie .	
A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
A series of immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .	
A seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level .	
A sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .	
A shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing .	
A simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .	
A singularly off-putting romantic comedy .	
A sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .	
A sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .	
A sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken .	
A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .	
A sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .	
A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB- .	
A small independent film suffering from a severe case of Hollywood-itis .	
A soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination .	
A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .	
A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .	
A sour attempt at making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .	
A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .	
A standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for De Niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a TNT Original .	
A straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .	
A sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .	
A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .	
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .	
A supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .	
A sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .	
A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .	
A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .	
A timid , soggy near miss .	
A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .	
A very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .	
A visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .	
A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .	
A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .	
A waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .	
A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .	
A well-crafted letdown .	
A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .	
A worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special .	
A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an old flame .	
A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks .	
Aan opportunity wasted .	
Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .	
About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .	
About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .	
Absolutely not .	
Action - mechanical .	
Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .	
Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt	
Adrift , Bentley and Hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .	
Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .	
Adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .	
After a while , Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .	
After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .	
After all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .	
After all , it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .	
After an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .	
Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .	
Ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .	
All mood and no movie .	
All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .	
All of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director George Hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat .	
All the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .	
All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .	
All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .	
All the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .	
All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .	
All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938 .	
Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .	
Almost as offensive as `` Freddy Got Fingered . ''	
Almost peerlessly unsettling .	
Alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but Ayurveda does the field no favors .	
Although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .	
Although Disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .	
Although God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .	
Although I did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .	
Although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .	
Although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .	
Although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another Major League .	
Although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America .	
Although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .	
Although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .	
Although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .	
American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone .	
Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	
An EXIT sign , that is .	
An absurdist spider web .	
An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .	
An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .	
An admitted egomaniac , Evans is no Hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson .	
An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality .	
An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .	
An alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .	
An ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .	
An artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .	
An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .	
An average B-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .	
An awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .	
An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .	
An empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .	
An empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .	
An entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .	
An even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .	
An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .	
An excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .	
An ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .	
An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .	
An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .	
An inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .	
An incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .	
An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .	
An inexperienced director , Mehta has much to learn .	
An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .	
An obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?	
An occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .	
An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .	
An opportunity missed .	
An ugly , revolting movie .	
An unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .	
An uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .	
An unencouraging threefold expansion on the former MTV series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .	
An uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on Philip K. Dick stories .	
An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .	
An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode .	
An unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .	
An unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .	
And Diesel is n't the actor to save it .	
And adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .	
And as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	
And for all the wrong reasons besides .	
And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .	
And in a sense , that 's a liability .	
And neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .	
And people make fun of me for liking Showgirls .	
And second , what 's with all the shooting ?	
And that is where Ararat went astray .	
Anemic , pretentious .	
Animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .	
Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sports movie .	
Any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap .	
Any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .	
Any rock pile will do for a set .	
Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .	
Anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .	
Anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .	
Apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .	
Apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .	
Appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .	
Ararat feels like a book report	
Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue ?	
As a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	
As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .	
As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .	
As earnest as a community-college advertisement , American Chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .	
As for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .	
As if Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .	
As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .	
As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .	
As is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .	
As it stands , Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .	
As lively an account as Seinfeld is deadpan .	
As original and insightful as last week 's episode of Behind the Music .	
As saccharine as it is disposable .	
As saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .	
As the Mediterranean sparkles , ` Swept Away ' sinks .	
As the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , -LRB- Franco -RRB- has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .	
As underwater ghost stories go , Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .	
As violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .	
As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .	
Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane .	
At 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .	
At a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .	
At best , Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .	
At best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .	
At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it	
At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .	
At some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .	
At three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .	
At times Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .	
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .	
Austin Powers in Goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .	
Average , at best , I 'm afraid .	
Bad Company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .	
Bad company .	
Baran is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .	
Barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .	
Barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .	
Barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .	
Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .	
Bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man does to the experiences of most teenagers .	
Becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring .	
Been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called The Professional .	
Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .	
Been there done that .	
Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .	
Befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject	
Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense -- but Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .	
Being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .	
Believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .	
Belongs in the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and this is why I have given it a one-star rating .	
Beware the quirky Brit-com .	
Big mistake .	
Bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .	
Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .	
Bland but harmless .	
Blood Work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period .	
Blue Crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .	
Blue Crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .	
Blue Crush is as predictable as the tides .	
Blue Crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .	
Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .	
Boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .	
Bogdanich is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .	
Borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .	
Both deserve better .	
Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe .	
Boyd 's screenplay -LRB- co-written with Guardian hack Nick Davies -RRB- has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to Guy Ritchie than the Bard of Avon .	
Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , Deuces Wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .	
Breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .	
Britney Spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .	
Broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .	
Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .	
Brosnan 's finest non-Bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .	
Busy urban comedy is clearly not Zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .	
But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .	
But ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .	
But I had a lot of problems with this movie .	
But Windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .	
But even then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .	
But first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort	
But for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .	
But here 's a movie about it anyway .	
But how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .	
But it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .	
But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .	
But it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .	
But it does n't leave you with much .	
But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .	
But it was n't .	
But it would be better to wait for the video .	
But its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .	
But mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .	
But no. .	
But seriously , folks , it does n't work .	
But the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .	
But the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .	
But the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .	
But the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .	
But then again , I hate myself most mornings .	
But there 's plenty to offend everyone ...	
But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .	
But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .	
But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .	
But unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie , it is n't much fun .	
But what is missing from it all is a moral .	
By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .	
By the final whistle you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .	
By the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .	
By turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .	
By-the-numbers yarn .	
Cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .	
Cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .	
Call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .	
Can I admit XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?	
Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .	
Carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '	
Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .	
Cattaneo reworks the formula that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .	
Certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .	
Chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .	
Chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .	
Charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions .	
Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .	
Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .	
Chelsea Walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .	
Chen films the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .	
Cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .	
Cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .	
Cherry Orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '	
Choppy , overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle . '	
Cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .	
Claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .	
Clare Peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little American Pie-like irreverence .	
Cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .	
Clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .	
Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .	
Cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .	
Collapses under its own meager weight .	
Comes across as a fairly weak retooling .	
Comes off like a bad imitation of the Bard .	
Comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .	
Complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .	
Conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .	
Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire .	
Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .	
Contains all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .	
Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .	
Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .	
Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier .	
Could as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3 : In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .	
Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?	
Could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?	
Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .	
Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .	
Curiously , Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .	
Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .	
David Spade as Citizen Kane ?	
Deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .	
Death might be a release .	
Death to Smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .	
Debut effort by `` Project Greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .	
Decent but dull .	
Demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .	
Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .	
Deserving of its critical backlash and more .	
Despite Auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .	
Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .	
Despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow , The Weight of Water is oppressively heavy .	
Despite engaging offbeat touches , Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .	
Despite its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .	
Despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .	
Despite its promising cast of characters , Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '	
Despite its sincere acting , Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .	
Despite its visual virtuosity , ` Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .	
Despite slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	
Despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable	
Despite some comic sparks , Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire .	
Despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .	
Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .	
Despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .	
Deuces Wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .	
Deuces Wild treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .	
Devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects .	
Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes is lacking .	
Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .	
Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?	
Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ? ''	
Dignified CEO 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .	
Directed without the expected flair or imagination by Hong Kong master John Woo , Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .	
Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp ca n't sustain it .	
Director Elie Chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?	
Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .	
Director Jay Russell stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .	
Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .	
Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .	
Director Uwe Boll and writer Robert Dean Klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .	
Director Yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .	
Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter .	
Disjointed parody .	
Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .	
Disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .	
Disturbing .	
Do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .	
Do n't say you were n't warned .	
Do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?	
Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?	
Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films .	
Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length .	
Does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez .	
Does n't really add up to much .	
Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .	
Dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .	
Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .	
Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .	
Dreary tale of middle-class angst	
Drowning 's too good for this sucker .	
During The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .	
Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .	
Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .	
Ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .	
Earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .	
Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .	
Eerily accurate depiction of depression .	
Eight Legged Freaks ?	
Eight Legged Freaks falls flat as a spoof .	
Eight Legged Freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...	
Eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .	
El Crimen Del Padre Amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors .	
Elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .	
Empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .	
Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick would .	
Enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .	
Enigma lacks it .	
Enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .	
Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .	
Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .	
Equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451 .	
Even Murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .	
Even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .	
Even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .	
Even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	
Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .	
Even if it is generally amusing from time to time , I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .	
Even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .	
Even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .	
Even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .	
Even kids deserve better .	
Even when Crush departs from the 4W formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .	
Even with its $ 50-million US budget , Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .	
Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?	
Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?	
Every joke is repeated at least four times .	
Every note rings false .	
Every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .	
Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .	
Everyone 's to blame here .	
Everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .	
Everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .	
Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .	
Everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .	
Everything is off .	
Everything that was right about Blade is wrong in its sequel .	
Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .	
Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .	
Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .	
Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .	
Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .	
Fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .	
Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .	
Fairly run-of-the-mill .	
Falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .	
Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .	
Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .	
Fear Dot Com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .	
Feeble comedy .	
Feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .	
Feels familiar and tired .	
Feels less like a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .	
Feels less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .	
Feels like a cold old man going through the motions .	
Feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .	
Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .	
Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .	
Feels shrill , simple and soapy .	
Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .	
Feral and uncomfortable .	
Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .	
Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .	
First , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .	
First-timer John McKay is never able to pull it back on course .	
Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up .	
Flat , misguided comedy .	
Fluffy and disposible .	
Fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .	
Follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .	
For a film about action , Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .	
For a film about explosions and death and spies , `` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .	
For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	
For a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .	
For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	
For all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .	
For all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .	
For all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .	
For casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .	
For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .	
For something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash .	
For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league .	
For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	
Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .	
Forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?	
Forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .	
Formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .	
Formulaic to the 51st power , more like .	
Frankly , it 's pretty stupid .	
Frida is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance .	
Friday After Next is a lot more bluster than bite .	
Friday After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .	
From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .	
Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .	
Full Frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .	
Full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .	
Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow !	
Full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .	
Gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .	
Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy .	
Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .	
Glizty but formulaic and silly ... Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .	
Go , girls , right down the reality drain .	
Go back to sleep .	
Godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .	
Goes on and on to the point of nausea .	
Good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like Clueless Does South Fork .	
Gooding and Coburn are both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable .	
Gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .	
Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .	
Grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length	
Grant is n't Cary and Bullock is n't Katherine .	
Grating and tedious .	
Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .	
Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .	
Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .	
Halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	
Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .	
Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge .	
Hart 's War seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .	
Has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .	
Has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital .	
Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .	
Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .	
Has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .	
Has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...	
Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita '' .	
Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .	
Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .	
He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .	
He 's not good with people .	
He does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .	
He fails .	
He seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .	
He thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .	
Heavy with flabby rolls of typical Toback machinations .	
Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .	
Here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .	
Here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .	
Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .	
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .	
Hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .	
Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .	
Hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .	
Hmmm ... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?	
Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .	
Hollywood Ending just is n't very funny .	
Hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .	
How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?	
How do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?	
How many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?	
How this one escaped the Lifetime network I 'll never know .	
Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .	
However sincere it may be , The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence .	
Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .	
Humor in I Spy is so anemic .	
I 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year .	
I 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .	
I 'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .	
I 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .	
I 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .	
I 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .	
I 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - Arnold is not , nor will he be , back .	
I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .	
I 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .	
I 've had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .	
I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake .	
I admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .	
I also believe that Resident Evil is not it .	
I am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .	
I ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops .	
I ca n't say this enough : This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .	
I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .	
I could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .	
I could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .	
I could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .	
I did n't find much fascination in the swinging .	
I did n't laugh .	
I did n't smile .	
I do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version .	
I do n't think so .	
I do n't think this movie loves women at all .	
I felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .	
I found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .	
I found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .	
I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy .	
I have n't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered .	
I have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.	
I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .	
I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !	
I spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits	
I suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .	
I suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .	
I suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD .	
I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '	
I walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .	
I wanted more .	
I was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .	
I wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .	
Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin .	
If Damon and Affleck attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .	
If Disney 's Cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .	
If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .	
If Festival in Cannes nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .	
If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ;	
If I want a real movie , I 'll buy the Criterion DVD .	
If I want music , I 'll buy the soundtrack .	
If Oscar had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't , Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .	
If The Full Monty was a freshman fluke , Lucky Break is -LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump .	
If The Last Man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .	
If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .	
If Welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .	
If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...	
If nothing else , `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.	
If only Merchant paid more attention the story .	
If only it had the story to match .	
If only it were , well , funnier .	
If religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .	
If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .	
If swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .	
If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .	
If the title is a Jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ? ''	
If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .	
If they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .	
If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .	
If you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .	
If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .	
If you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .	
If you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .	
If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .	
If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !	
If you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .	
If you recognize Zeus -LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB- it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .	
If you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .	
If you saw it on TV , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .	
If you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .	
Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .	
Ignoring that , he made Swimfan anyway	
Ill-considered , unholy hokum .	
Illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .	
Imagine Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern .	
Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .	
Imagine the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .	
Imperfect ?	
Impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .	
Impostor is a step down for director Gary Fleder .	
In The New Guy , even the bull gets recycled .	
In any case , I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .	
In between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .	
In his role of observer of the scene , Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .	
In its chicken heart , Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .	
In old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .	
In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .	
In other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .	
In spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .	
In the book-on-tape market , the film of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition	
In the end , The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '	
In the end , Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .	
In the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .	
In the era of The Sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .	
In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .	
In the not-too-distant future , movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .	
In the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .	
In the spirit of the season , I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .	
In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .	
In the wrong hands , i.e. Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable	
In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .	
In this case zero .	
In truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB- .	
Includes too much obvious padding .	
Incoherence reigns .	
Inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .	
Insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .	
Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .	
Instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .	
Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?	
Instead of panoramic sweep , Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .	
Instead of trying to bust some blondes , -LRB- Diggs -RRB- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .	
Instead of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .	
Insufferably naive .	
Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots .	
Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic ?	
Is it a comedy ?	
Is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?	
Is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?	
Is n't as sharp as the original ... Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it .	
Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?	
It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too .	
It 's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .	
It 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .	
It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .	
It 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .	
It 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .	
It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .	
It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .	
It 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's .	
It 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .	
It 's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .	
It 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .	
It 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .	
It 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .	
It 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .	
It 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .	
It 's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .	
It 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it .	
It 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .	
It 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .	
It 's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .	
It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .	
It 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .	
It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .	
It 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .	
It 's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf .	
It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .	
It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .	
It 's depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen .	
It 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .	
It 's drab .	
It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .	
It 's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .	
It 's got the brawn , but not the brains .	
It 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .	
It 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .	
It 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .	
It 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .	
It 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ?	
It 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .	
It 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .	
It 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .	
It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .	
It 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .	
It 's just not very smart .	
It 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .	
It 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .	
It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .	
It 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .	
It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .	
It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .	
It 's like a drive-by .	
It 's like an all-star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism .	
It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .	
It 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .	
It 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .	
It 's makes a better travelogue than movie .	
It 's mildly amusing , but I certainly ca n't recommend it .	
It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .	
It 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .	
It 's not a great monster movie .	
It 's not an easy one to review .	
It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .	
It 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .	
It 's not only dull because we 've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .	
It 's not original enough .	
It 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow .	
It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .	
It 's not too much of anything .	
It 's one long bore .	
It 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .	
It 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .	
It 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .	
It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .	
It 's quite diverting nonsense .	
It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .	
It 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .	
It 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy .	
It 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .	
It 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .	
It 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary .	
It 's such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .	
It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman .	
It 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .	
It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .	
It 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .	
It 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .	
It 's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .	
It 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .	
It all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .	
It all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .	
It all seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .	
It all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .	
It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .	
It collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .	
It concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt .	
It dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .	
It does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .	
It does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .	
It does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .	
It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .	
It drowns in sap .	
It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .	
It finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .	
It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .	
It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .	
It gets old quickly .	
It gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .	
It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .	
It has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .	
It has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .	
It has no affect on the Kurds , but it wore me down .	
It has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .	
It has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .	
It hates its characters .	
It irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .	
It is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .	
It is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .	
It is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .	
It is most of the things Costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .	
It is n't scary .	
It is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	
It is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .	
It just does n't have anything really interesting to say .	
It just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .	
It labours as storytelling .	
It lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -LRB- Eyre 's -RRB- first film something of a sleeper success .	
It leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .	
It looks good , but it is essentially empty .	
It made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire .	
It makes me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens	
It merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .	
It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .	
It never rises to its clever what-if concept .	
It plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .	
It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .	
It should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .	
It should have stayed there .	
It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .	
It squanders Chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt !	
It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .	
It sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .	
It still feels like a prison stretch .	
It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about .	
It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt .	
It winds up moving in many directions as it searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say .	
It would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .	
Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and Schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .	
Its appeal will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists .	
Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .	
Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and the action scenes are poorly delivered .	
Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .	
Its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -LRB- since Sept. 11 -RRB- .	
Its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .	
Its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .	
Its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .	
Its plot and animation offer daytime TV serviceability , but little more .	
Its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .	
Its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary .	
Its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .	
Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .	
Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .	
Jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .	
Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .	
Jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .	
Jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .	
Judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice .	
Julie Davis is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .	
Just a Kiss is a just a waste .	
Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .	
Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .	
Just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .	
Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .	
Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .	
Just as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .	
Just because A Walk to Remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .	
Just consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .	
Just is n't as weird as it ought to be .	
Just send it to Cranky .	
Just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .	
Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .	
Just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .	
Kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .	
Kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB- .	
Kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .	
Kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .	
Kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .	
Kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .	
Kim Ki-Deok seems to have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .	
Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .	
Knockaround Guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up .	
Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .	
Kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .	
Lacking substance and soul , Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .	
Lacks depth .	
Lacks dramatic punch and depth .	
Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .	
Laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .	
Laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .	
Lame Sweet Home leaves no Southern stereotype unturned .	
Lan Yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .	
Lawrence should stick to his day job .	
Lazily directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis .	
Leaks treacle from every pore .	
Leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .	
Leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .	
Less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .	
Less than fresh .	
Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ?	
Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie : Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .	
Like Schindler 's List , The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .	
Like Showgirls and Glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .	
Like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .	
Like a fish that 's lived too long , Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .	
Like a grinning Jack O ' Lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .	
Like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .	
Like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .	
Like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .	
Like an Afterschool Special with costumes by Gianni Versace , Mad Love looks better than it feels .	
Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .	
Like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .	
Like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through , the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .	
Like its title character , Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .	
Like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .	
Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... Circuit gets drawn into the party .	
Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .	
Like the Hanks character , he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .	
Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .	
Like the world of his film , Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .	
Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .	
Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .	
Little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .	
Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .	
Little more than a well-mounted history lesson .	
Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .	
Lookin ' for sin , American-style ?	
Looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way .	
Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother Hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense .	
Love Liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .	
Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it .	
Low comedy does n't come much lower .	
Low rent from frame one .	
Lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .	
Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .	
Lurid and less than lucid work .	
Lush and beautifully photographed -LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB- , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .	
Lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller Unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .	
Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .	
Made to be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .	
Make Chan 's action sequences boring .	
Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .	
Mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .	
Mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .	
May offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .	
May puzzle his most ardent fans .	
Maybe LeBlanc thought , `` Hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''	
Maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make Trouble Every Day any better .	
McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .	
Meandering and confusing .	
Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .	
Mediocre fable from Burkina Faso .	
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .	
Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .	
Meyjes 's movie , like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .	
Michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .	
Millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .	
Mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .	
More a gunfest than a Rock concert .	
More busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .	
More dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .	
More intellectually scary than dramatically involving .	
More likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .	
More successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	
More tiring than anything .	
More trifle than triumph .	
Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .	
Most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .	
Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .	
Mostly , Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .	
Moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .	
Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .	
Much like Robin Williams , Death to Smoochy has already reached its expiration date .	
Much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .	
Murder by Numbers just does n't add up .	
Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .	
My advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .	
Naipaul fans may be disappointed .	
Narc is all menace and atmosphere .	
Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .	
Nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .	
Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .	
Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .	
Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor demented-funny as Starship Troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .	
Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .	
Nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .	
Never comes together as a coherent whole .	
Never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .	
Never does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan . ''	
Never inspires more than an interested detachment .	
Nevertheless , it still seems endless .	
Nicks and Steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .	
Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .	
Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .	
Nijinsky says , ' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .	
No , I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .	
No , even that 's too committed .	
No Such Thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .	
No amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .	
No amount of good acting is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story .	
No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater .	
No cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces Wild .	
No laughs .	
No matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .	
No new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .	
No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive .	
No surprises .	
No thanks .	
No. .	
Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .	
None of Birthday Girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...	
None of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .	
None of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .	
None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .	
Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .	
Not a strike against Yang 's similarly themed Yi Yi , but I found What Time ?	
Not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been ?	
Not even Solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .	
Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .	
Not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .	
Not just unlikable .	
Not once does it come close to being exciting .	
Not once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '	
Not only does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .	
Not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .	
Not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .	
Not so much farcical as sour .	
Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .	
Nothing about them is attractive .	
Nothing but an episode of Smackdown !	
Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .	
Nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .	
Nothing here seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah .	
Nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .	
Nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .	
Nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .	
Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .	
Nothing too deep or substantial .	
Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .	
Novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .	
Noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us	
Obvious .	
Obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential .	
Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .	
Odd and weird .	
Off the Hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all .	
Offers absolutely nothing I had n't already seen .	
Offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .	
Officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .	
Often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .	
Often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ?	
Often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .	
On its own , it 's not very interesting .	
On the evidence before us , the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .	
On top of a foundering performance , -LRB- Madonna 's -RRB- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .	
Once again , director Chris Columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .	
Once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .	
Once the downward spiral comes to pass , Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...	
One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .	
One big blustery movie where nothing really happens .	
One can only assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off	
One key problem with these ardently Christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .	
One long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .	
One lousy movie .	
One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .	
One of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I 've ever seen .	
One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .	
One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .	
One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .	
One of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .	
One of those so-so films that could have been much better .	
One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .	
One scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .	
One senses in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .	
One suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .	
One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .	
One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .	
One-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .	
Only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .	
Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .	
Opera on film is never satisfactory .	
Originality is sorely lacking .	
Oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material	
Otherwise , this could be a passable date film .	
Outside of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken	
Over and over again .	
Overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .	
Overly long and worshipful bio-doc .	
Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .	
PC stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .	
Painfully padded .	
Pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick .	
Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .	
Parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '	
Parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .	
Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .	
Patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .	
Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .	
Paul Cox needed to show it .	
Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .	
Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .	
Perhaps even the SLC high command found writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .	
Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .	
Phoned-in business as usual .	
Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .	
Plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .	
Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .
Plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story .	
Plays like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' has .	
Plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .	
Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .	
Plodding , peevish and gimmicky .	
Plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King .	
Ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .	
Possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .	
Potty-mouthed enough for PG-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .	
Predecessors The Mummy and The Mummy Returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .	
Predictably melodramatic .	
Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .	
Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .	
Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .	
Pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .	
Problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .	
Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .	
Puportedly `` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .	
Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .	
Puts on airs of a Hal Hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .	
Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .	
Qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .	
Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .	
Queen of the Damned is too long with too little going on .	
Quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .	
Rather than real figures	
Real-life strongman Ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .	
Really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .	
Reggio and Glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .	
Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .	
Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them .	
Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?	
Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage .	
Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .	
Represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .	
Resembles a soft porn Brian De Palma pastiche .	
Resident Evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail .	
Resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project .	
Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version -LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB- , but the excitement is missing .	
Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market .	
Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script	
Rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .	
Rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .	
Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .	
Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .	
Right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .	
Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .	
Rock 's stand-up magic wanes .	
Roman Polanski directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .	
Romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .	
Romething 's really wrong with this ricture !	
Rosenthal -LRB- Halloween II -RRB- seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .	
Rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .	
Russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features .	
Rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .	
SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .	
Sad nonsense , this .	
Sadly , Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .	
Sadly , ` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '	
Sadly , as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago .	
Sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .	
Sandra Bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .	
Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .	
Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .	
Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .	
Scherfig , who has had a successful career in TV , tackles more than she can handle .	
Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base ...	
Schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...	
Schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .	
Scooby-Doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .	
Scotland , PA is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .	
Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .	
See Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .	
Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .	
Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .	
Seems like someone going through the motions .	
Seems like something American and European gay movies were doing 20 years ago .	
Seriously , rent the Disney version .	
Serving Sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .	
Serving Sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .	
Set in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York .	
Sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .	
Sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .	
Shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .	
Shallow .	
Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .	
Shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .	
Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .	
Should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .	
Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .	
Shows that Jackie Chan is getting older , and that 's something I would rather live in denial about	
Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .	
Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .	
Shrewd but pointless .	
Shunji Iwai 's All About Lily Chou Chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan .	
Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .	
Silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .	
Simplistic , silly and tedious .	
Simply a re-hash of the other seven films .	
Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .	
Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .	
Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and go back to the source .	
Slap her - she 's not funny !	
Snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .	
Snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .	
Snow Dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him	
So aggressively cheery that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag .	
So exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .	
So mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .	
So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .	
So we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .	
Sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .	
Solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .	
Solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .	
Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .	
Solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke	
Some Body often looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .	
Some Body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .	
Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	
Some episodes work , some do n't .	
Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .	
Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen .	
Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .	
Something has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .	
Something must have been lost in the translation .	
Sometimes makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates .	
Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .	
Somewhere inside the mess that is World Traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .	
Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .	
Sounding like Arnold Schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , -LRB- Ahola -RRB- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .	
Spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .	
Spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .	
Spider-Man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .	
Squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , Burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .	
Stale , futile scenario .	
Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .	
Star Trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .	
Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .	
Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .	
Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner .	
Starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .	
Starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .	
Statham employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .	
Stealing Harvard ca n't even do that much .	
Stephen Earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .	
Steve Oedekerk is , alas , no Woody Allen .	
Steven Soderbergh does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .	
Still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .	
Stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .	
Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .	
Storytelling feels slight .	
Stress ` dumb . '	
Strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .	
Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .	
Stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .	
Such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .	
Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .	
Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .	
Suffers from a flat script and a low budget .	
Suffers from all the excesses of the genre .	
Suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .	
Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .	
Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .	
Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .	
Sure , I hated myself in the morning .	
Surprisingly , considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .	
Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .	
Sweet Home Alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films .	
Sweet gentle Jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?	
Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .	
TV skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .	
Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .	
Taken as a whole , The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .	
Taken outside the context of the current political climate -LRB- see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! -RRB-	
Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker .	
Talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .	
Technically and artistically inept .	
Tedious Norwegian offering which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination .	
Tends to plod .	
Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .	
That 's because relatively nothing happens .	
That 's its first sign of trouble .	
That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly . ''	
That frenetic spectacle -LRB- on the TV show -RRB- has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout .	
That neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .	
That the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .	
The April 2002 instalment of the American War for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .	
The Chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .	
The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .	
The Christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it	
The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .	
The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .	
The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''	
The Master of Disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live . '	
The Master of Disguise may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not .	
The Master of Disguise represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .	
The Merchant-Ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .	
The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .	
The Piano Teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .	
The Piano Teacher is not an easy film .	
The Pool drowned me in boredom .	
The Quiet American is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .	
The Rules of Attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .	
The Santa Clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .	
The Sum of All Fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB- .	
The Sweetest Thing leaves an awful sour taste .	
The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .	
The Tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad ' .	
The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .	
The acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line .	
The acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .	
The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .	
The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .	
The actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .	
The advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .	
The adventure does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2 .	
The audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .	
The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .	
The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .	
The basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .	
The beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .	
The big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .	
The biggest problem I have -LRB- other than the very sluggish pace -RRB- is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .	
The biggest problem with Satin Rouge is Lilia herself .	
The bottom line , at least in my opinion , is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .	
The characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter .	
The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .	
The characters never change .	
The characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .	
The chocolate factory without Charlie .	
The cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .	
The code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .	
The colorful Masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .	
The comedy Death to Smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .	
The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .	
The corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .	
The crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .	
The criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...	
The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .	
The densest distillation of Roberts ' movies ever made .	
The dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .	
The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .	
The direction , by George Hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .	
The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .	
The director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .	
The director mostly plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .	
The director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .	
The drama discloses almost nothing .	
The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .	
The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .	
The end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .	
The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .	
The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul .	
The events of the film are just so WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .	
The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .	
The fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .	
The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .	
The feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .	
The fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .	
The film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .	
The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut .	
The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .	
The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .	
The film 's most improbable feat ?	
The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .	
The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .	
The film , like Jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .	
The film can depress you about life itself .	
The film did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side .	
The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .	
The film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal .	
The film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .	
The film has -LRB- its -RRB- moments , but they are few and far between .	
The film has a kind of hard , cold effect .	
The film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .	
The film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .	
The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose .	
The film is flat .	
The film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .	
The film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .	
The film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .	
The film is so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film .	
The film is strictly routine .	
The film is ultimately about as inspiring as a Hallmark card .	
The film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .	
The film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way .	
The film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .	
The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .	
The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .	
The film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .	
The film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .	
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .	
The film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .	
The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...	
The film was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one -LRB- and no one -RRB- .	
The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged .	
The filmmakers are playing to the Big Boys in New York and L.A. To that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .	
The filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .	
The filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .	
The first hour is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .	
The first mistake , I suspect , is casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?	
The first question to ask about Bad Company is why Anthony Hopkins is in it .	
The gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .	
The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .	
The great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .	
The hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .	
The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : There 's very little hustling on view .	
The histrionic muse still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .	
The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .	
The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired .	
The idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run .	
The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .	
The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .	
The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .	
The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .	
The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .	
The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .	
The laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .	
The leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .	
The locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .	
The lousy John Q all but spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role .	
The lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .	
The main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .	
The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .	
The makers of Mothman Prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .	
The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '	
The material and the production itself are little more than routine .	
The metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .	
The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .	
The modern remake of Dumas 's story is long on narrative and -LRB- too -RRB- short on action .	
The modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .	
The modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .	
The most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .	
The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .	
The movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .	
The movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .	
The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .	
The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .	
The movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .	
The movie 's vision of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .	
The movie , like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .	
The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .	
The movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .	
The movie does n't generate a lot of energy .	
The movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .	
The movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .	
The movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .	
The movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .	
The movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .	
The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .	
The movie is a mess from start to finish .	
The movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .	
The movie is about as deep as that sentiment .	
The movie is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly .	
The movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .	
The movie is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .	
The movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''	
The movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality .	
The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .	
The movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .	
The movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .	
The movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .	
The movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .	
The movie is well done , but slow .	
The movie is without intent .	
The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .	
The movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots .	
The movie spends more time with Schneider than with newcomer McAdams , even though her performance is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his .	
The movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .	
The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .	
The movie turns out to be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .	
The movie wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .	
The movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .	
The movie would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .	
The mystery of Enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .	
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .	
The new film of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '	
The nicest thing that can be said about Stealing Harvard -LRB- which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog -RRB- is that it 's not as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered .	
The one not-so-small problem with Expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .	
The only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .	
The only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .	
The only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .	
The only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .	
The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this ; I assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .	
The only thing I laughed at were the people who paid to see it .	
The only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .	
The only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .	
The overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven . ''	
The overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .	
The package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .	
The pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .	
The picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain .	
The plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .	
The plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .	
The plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .	
The plot is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .	
The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .	
The pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .	
The problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .	
The problem is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .	
The problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .	
The problem with The Bread , My Sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .	
The problem with `` XXX '' is that its own action is n't very effective .	
The problem with all of this : It 's not really funny .	
The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .	
The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .	
The problem with the mayhem in Formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .	
The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up Shum 's good intentions .	
The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .	
The re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .	
The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in The Tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine .	
The result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .	
The result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .	
The results are far more alienating than involving .	
The rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .	
The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .	
The satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .	
The screenplay , co-written by director Imogen Kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .	
The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .	
The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .	
The screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .	
The screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .	
The screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...	
The script ?	
The script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .	
The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .	
The script by Vincent R. Nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .	
The script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .	
The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal .	
The script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .	
The script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .	
The script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .	
The script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .	
The scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .	
The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .	
The sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .	
The setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .	
The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?	
The skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .	
The sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .	
The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .	
The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears . ''	
The story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .	
The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .	
The story has little wit and no surprises .	
The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .	
The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .	
The story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count .	
The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder is puzzling .	
The story itself is actually quite vapid .	
The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .	
The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .	
The story the movie tells is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .	
The superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other .	
The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .	
The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .	
The town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .	
The trappings of I Spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .	
The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of Showgirls .	
The trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .	
The trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .	
The troubling thing about Clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .	
The truth about Charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .	
The type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB- genre a bad name .	
The uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .	
The verdict : Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .	
The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''	
The weird thing about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .	
The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... -LRB- it -RRB- comes off like a Hallmark commercial .	
The whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .	
The whole talking-animal thing is grisly .	
The whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels .	
The whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break .	
The whole thing plays like a tired Tyco ad .	
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .	
Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .	
Then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .	
Theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .	
There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm .	
There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but Brooms is n't it .	
There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .	
There 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .	
There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .	
There 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .	
There 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .	
There 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .	
There 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .	
There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .	
There 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .	
There 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .	
There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .	
There 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .	
There 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .	
There 's no good answer to that one .	
There 's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance .	
There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .	
There 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .	
There 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .	
There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .	
There 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .	
There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .	
There 's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... -LRB- b -RRB- ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .	
There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups .	
There 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .	
There 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .	
There are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .	
There are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .	
There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .	
There are some laughs in this movie , but Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .	
There is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid	
There is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .	
There is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew .	
There is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .	
There is something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .	
There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .	
There might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?	
These are textbook lives of quiet desperation .	
These characters become wearisome .	
These guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .	
These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .	
They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .	
They cheapen the overall effect .	
They crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .	
They just do n't work in concert .	
They just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .	
They kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .	
They ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .	
They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .	
They threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .	
Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .	
This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .	
This 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .	
This Bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .	
This New Zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .	
This Orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .	
This Sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .	
This action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .	
This angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People .	
This cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .	
This director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .	
This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .	
This dubious product of a college-spawned -LRB- Colgate U. -RRB- comedy ensemble known as Broken Lizard plays like a mix of Cheech and Chong and CHiPs .	
This feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head	
This film biggest problem ?	
This film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .	
This insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .	
This is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .	
This is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .	
This is a film living far too much in its own head .	
This is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic .	
This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .	
This is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .	
This is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .	
This is a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable .	
This is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .	
This is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them !	
This is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .	
This is a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .	
This is a truly , truly bad movie .	
This is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .	
This is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .	
This is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .	
This is as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .	
This is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .	
This is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .	
This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .	
This is n't a new idea .	
This is no `` Waterboy ! ''	
This is not a Jackie Chan movie .	
This is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .	
This is not an easy film .	
This is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .	
This is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .	
This is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .	
This is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .	
This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone .	
This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .	
This may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .	
This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .	
This mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .	
This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .	
This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .	
This movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .	
This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .	
This off-putting French romantic comedy	
This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .	
This picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .	
This rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .	
This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero .	
This romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .	
This slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .	
This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .	
This story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .	
This tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .	
This toothless Dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .	
This u-boat does n't have a captain .	
This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .	
This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer .	
Thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .	
Those 24-and-unders looking for their own Caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .	
Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .	
Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .	
Those who are only mildly curious , I fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .	
Though Frida is easier to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .	
Though Harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .	
Though Impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .	
Though Tom Shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .	
Though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way K-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .	
Though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .	
Though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .	
Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .	
Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .	
Though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .	
Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .	
Though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .	
Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .	
Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .	
Throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?	
Throw Smoochy from the train !	
Throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .	
Time Out is as serious as a pink slip .	
Time of Favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .	
Time stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .	
To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago ...	
To be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .	
To get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud .	
To honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .	
To me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .	
To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .	
To the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .	
Told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .	
Too bad .	
Too bad Kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .	
Too bad Maggio could n't come up with a better script .	
Too bad writer-director Adam Rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets .	
Too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .	
Too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , Vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .	
Too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .	
Too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .	
Too intensely focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche , No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .	
Too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .	
Too much of Nemesis has a tired , talky feel .	
Too much of Storytelling moves away from Solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .	
Too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .	
Too much power , not enough puff .	
Too often , Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''	
Too predictably , in fact .	
Too silly to take seriously .	
Too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .	
Too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .	
Too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .	
Too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .	
Toward the end Sum of All Fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .	
Trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''	
Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard . '	
Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .	
Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .	
True to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .	
Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde .	
Trying to figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax Einstein 's brain .	
Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .	
Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .	
Two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .	
Two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .	
Two-bit potboiler .	
Ultimately , Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .	
Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .	
Ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .	
Ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .	
Ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and an old Payne screenplay .	
Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .	
Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?	
Unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .	
Uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .	
Unfortunately , Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .	
Unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .	
Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .	
Unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .	
Unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .	
Unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .	
Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .	
Unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , Impostor is opening today at a theater near you .	
Unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` Scooby ' do n't .	
Unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .	
Unlike Trey Parker , Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .	
Unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .	
Until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .	
Unwieldy contraption .	
Upper Teens may get cynical .	
Upper West Sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .	
Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...	
Vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .	
Van Wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .	
Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless .	
Video games are more involving than this mess .	
Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .	
Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .	
Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .	
Wait to see it then .	
Wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own .	
Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .	
Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when Carol Kane appears on the screen .	
Watching Queen of the Damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .	
Watching `` Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .	
Watching a Brian DePalma movie is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .	
Watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .	
Watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .	
We 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .	
We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .	
We do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .	
We do n't even like their characters .	
We get the comedy we settle for .	
We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .	
We have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .	
We just do n't really care too much about this love story .	
We never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .	
Weird .	
Weirdly , Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .	
Well , Jason 's gone to Manhattan and Hell , I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB- .	
Well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .	
Well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .	
Well made but uninvolving , Bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .	
Well-meant but unoriginal .	
Were Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '	
Wes Craven 's presence is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '	
Wewannour money back , actually .	
What 's infuriating about Full Frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .	
What 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .	
What 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .	
What 's really sad is to see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best .	
What 's worse is that Pelosi knows it .	
What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	
What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .	
What ` Blade Runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .	
What a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .	
What begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .	
What could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .	
What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .	
What happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?	
What little grace -LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .	
What makes Esther Kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .	
What might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .	
What should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .	
What starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .	
What starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .	
What the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB- , sour , bloody and mean .	
What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .	
What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .	
What we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .	
What with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .	
Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .	
Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .	
When -LRB- Reno -RRB- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al. , Reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .	
When ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .	
When a movie asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .	
When it comes to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo , it looks like Woo 's a P.O.W.	
When not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .	
When the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '	
When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .	
When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .	
When your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?	
Whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .	
Where This was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .	
Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .	
Where the film falters is in its tone .	
Where their heads were is anyone 's guess .	
Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears .	
Whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .	
While American Adobo has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB- in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .	
While Hollywood Ending has its share of belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB- , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .	
While Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .	
While Solondz tries and tries hard , Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .	
While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .	
While certainly more naturalistic than its Australian counterpart , Amari 's film falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .	
While easier to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .	
While it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .	
While it is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side , Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .	
While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .	
While not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .	
While some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .	
While some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .	
While the ensemble player who gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .	
While the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .	
While the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .	
While the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation .	
While the transgressive trappings -LRB- especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull , Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .	
While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .	
While this one gets off with a good natured warning , future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	
While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet , you 're a Jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''	
White has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .	
Who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?	
Who cares ? -RRB- .	
Whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .	
Why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?	
Why ?	
Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care .	
Why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?	
Why would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?	
Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists : Totally Past His Prime .	
Will anyone who is n't a Fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?	
Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .	
Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .	
Wishy-washy .	
With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .	
With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies ?	
With `` Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike , Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...	
With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?	
With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .	
With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral .	
With a tone as variable as the cinematography , Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .	
With all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .	
With elements cribbed from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin	
With flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , Undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .	
With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	
With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	
With minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .	
With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .	
With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character -- and Auto Focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .	
With or without ballast tanks , K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .	
With the dog days of August upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .	
With the exception of McCoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .	
With tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .	
With very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .	
Without -LRB- De Niro -RRB- , City By The Sea would slip under the waves .	
Without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .	
Witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .	
Witless and utterly pointless .	
Woefully pretentious .	
Woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?	
Woody , what happened ?	
Woody Allen used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending .	
Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .	
Worthy of the gong .	
Would that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .	
Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .	
Writer-director Ritchie reduces Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .	
Writer-director Stephen Gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half . '	
Writer-director Walter Hill and co-writer David Giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .	
Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter .	
Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .	
Yet another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .	
Yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .	
Yet another genre exercise , Gangster No. 1 is as generic as its title .	
Yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...	
Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .	
Yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .	
You 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB- .	
You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '	
You ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .	
You can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .	
You can taste it , but there 's no fizz .	
You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .	
You come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .	
You could hate it for the same reason .	
You do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .	
You do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California .	
You emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .	
You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .	
You leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .	
You leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .	
You may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .	
You might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .	
You try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .	
Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a	
ZigZag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .	
` Butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .	
` CQ may one day be fondly remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	
` Christian Bale 's Quinn -LRB- is -RRB- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '	
` Dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .	
` God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '	
` It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point . '	
` Linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '	
` Matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy .	
` Moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '	
` Opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .	
` Synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .	
` Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .	
`` -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .	
`` Freaky Friday , '' it 's not .	
`` Looking For Leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .	
`` One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''	
`` White Oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .	
a stereotype	
about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera	
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades	
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .	
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric , which are included	
contrasting the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II	
entertaining enough , but nothing new	
essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .	
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .	
hard as this may be to believe , Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .	
his -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .	
into How Long Is This Movie ?	
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .	
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .	
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .	
jumps around with little logic or continuity ,	
lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .	
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .	
mired in a shabby script	
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue	
overstylized	
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood .	
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era	
preachy and	
prechewed	
shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .	
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting . ''	
the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility	
the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half	
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale	
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making	
A Frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , Bartleby performs neither one very well .	
A Jewish WW II doc that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience !	
A Lifetime movie about men .	
A Meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .	
A Sha-Na-Na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .	
A `` black Austin Powers ? ''	
A behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that 's made a difference to NYC inner-city youth .	
A biopic about Crane 's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .	
A bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .	
A bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career .	
A brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .	
A brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .	
A brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .	
A canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a London sociopath who 's the scariest of sadists .	
A case in point : Doug Pray 's Scratch .	
A cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .	
A charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother\/daughter relationship .	
A chick flick for guys .	
A close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .	
A collage	
A coming-of-age film	
A creaky staircase gothic .	
A crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .	
A crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss .	
A dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .	
A decidedly mixed bag .	
A different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling .	
A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of Armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present .	
A direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .	
A disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting .	
A dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .	
A drama ?	
A drama of great power , yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .	
A dreary indulgence .	
A family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .	
A fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs is either a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies .	
A farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .	
A fascinating but choppy documentary .	
A fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .	
A feature-length , R-rated , road-trip version of Mama 's Family .	
A few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .	
A film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .	
A film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .	
A film that will probably please people already fascinated by Behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .	
A fine film , but it would be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories .	
A flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .	
A frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it 's a tougher picture than it is .	
A gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the Iranian new wave .	
A glorious mess .	
A glossy knock-off of a B-movie revenge flick .	
A good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .	
A guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .	
A hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic French nuance .	
A highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world .	
A lack of thesis makes Maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special .	
A late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .	
A life-size reenactment of those Jack Chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .	
A little objectivity could have gone a long way .	
A lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman 's point-of-view .	
A melancholy , emotional film .	
A mess , but it 's a sincere mess .	
A mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .	
A minor work yet there 's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .	
A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .	
A movie that 's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level .	
A movie that at its best does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .	
A movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .	
A movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action TV series .	
A movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story .	
A movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't want to be .	
A passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor .	
A penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .	
A perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie .	
A perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little Lilo & Stitch had in spades -- charisma .	
A perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .	
A picture as erratic as its central character .	
A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set , it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it does mostly hold one 's interest .	
A piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .	
A pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .	
A plodding look at the French Revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .	
A poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda .	
A porn film without the sex scenes .	
A portrait of an artist .	
A preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in Brooklyn circa 1958 .	
A punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .	
A pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .	
A puzzling experience .	
A rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by Epps .	
A really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .	
A relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .	
A respectable but uninspired thriller that 's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact .	
A respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films ... cross over to a more mainstream audience .	
A road trip that will get you thinking , ` Are we there yet ? '	
A romance ?	
A savage John Waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .	
A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom -- handguns , BMWs and seaside chateaus .	
A sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .	
A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise .	
A sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .	
A solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .	
A somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .	
A static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .	
A sterling film - a cross between Boys Do n't Cry , Deliverance , and Ode to Billy Joe - lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film is yet to be made .	
A subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .	
A tasty slice of droll whimsy .	
A technically well-made suspenser ... but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .	
A tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .	
A thought-provoking look at how Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .	
A thriller made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion .	
A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action .	
A typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate French coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it .	
A very familiar tale , one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - , Indian - , Russian - and other hyphenate American young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages .	
A very pretty after-school special .	
A violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for Angelique , the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .	
A virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .	
A well-acted , but one-note film .	
A well-acted movie that simply does n't gel .	
A well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .	
A witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking .	
A wordy wisp of a comedy .	
A. . .	
Abderrahmane Sissako 's Heremakono -LRB- Waiting for Happiness -RRB- is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences .	
About Amy 's cuteness , Amy 's career success -LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB- , and Amy 's neuroses when it comes to men .	
About a Boy vividly recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .	
About as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .	
Absolutely -LRB- and unintentionally -RRB- terrifying .	
Absorbing character	
Absurdities and	
Acting can not be acted .	
Adam SANDLER !	
Admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .	
Adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio .	
Affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority .	
After Collateral Damage	
After all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .	
After the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .	
Ah , the travails of metropolitan life !	
Ah , what the hell .	
Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .	
Alain Choquart 's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .	
Alas , another breathless movie about same !	
Alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .	
Ali 's graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier .	
All Analyze That proves is that there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .	
All the actors are good in Pauline & Paulette but van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as Pauline .	
All the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .	
All very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it 's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .	
Almost .	
Almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences .	
Almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited .	
Although Barbershop boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .	
Although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , Tuck Everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .	
Although it does n't always hang together -- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- `` Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .	
Although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love .	
Although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .	
An amalgam of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension .	
An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .	
An ambitious and moving but bleak film .	
An average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality .	
An easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .	
An elegant film	
An empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .	
An enigmatic film that 's too clever for its own good , it 's a conundrum not worth solving .	
An estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote -LRB- and cannier doppelganger -RRB- to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon .	
An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter .	
An exhilarating serving of movie fluff .	
An extraordinarily silly thriller .	
An intriguing near-miss .	
An involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .	
An often unfunny romp .	
An original little film about one young woman 's education .	
An overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful French coming-of-age film ...	
An overwrought Taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .	
An unflinching look at the world 's dispossessed .	
An unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .	
An unremarkable , modern action\/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .	
An uplifting , largely bogus story .	
An uplifting drama ... What Antwone Fisher is n't , however , is original .	
Ana 's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique ...	
Analyze That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes , with a few new swings thrown in .	
And I expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch .	
And a very rainy day .	
And how .	
And that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser .	
And that should tell you everything you need to know about All the Queen 's Men .	
Anemic chronicle of money grubbing New Yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .	
Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .	
Any Chekhov is better than no Chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .	
Any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of God are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors .	
Anyone else seen this before ?	
Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .	
Anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring . '	
Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .	
Aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production does n't work for me .	
Are monsters born , or made ?	
Arnie blows things up .	
Arnold !	
Arty gay film .	
As Allen 's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .	
As Schmidt , Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .	
As Warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years .	
As a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , Murder by Numbers fits the profile too closely .	
As a movie , it never seems fresh and vital .	
As any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death .	
As crimes go , writer-director Michael Kalesniko 's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable .	
As directed by Dani Kouyate of Burkina Faso , Sia lacks visual flair .	
As happily glib and vicious as its characters .	
As his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in Long Time Dead says ` I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed ' .	
As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records .	
As it stands , there 's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .	
As it stands it 's an opera movie for the buffs .	
As self-aware movies go , Who is Cletis Tout ?	
As spent screen series go , Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink .	
As we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- Jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '	
As well-acted and well-intentioned as All or Nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .	
At a brief 42 minutes , we need more X and less blab .	
At its best -LRB- and it does have some very funny sequences -RRB- Looking for Leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be .	
At its best ... Festival in Cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .	
At its best when the guarded , resentful Betty and the manipulative yet needy Margot are front and center .	
At its worst , it 's Rambo - meets-John Ford .	
At its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best .	
At its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .	
At no point during K-19 : The Widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot .	
At once emotional and richly analytical , the Cosby-Seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .	
At the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , `` I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . ''	
At the film 's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli .	
At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage .	
Authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .	
Auto Focus is not your standard Hollywood bio-pic .	
Avary 's film never quite emerges from the shadow of Ellis ' book .	
B picture , and I mean that as a compliment .	
Bacon keeps things interesting , but do n't go out of your way to pay full price .	
Bad in such a bizarre way that it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .	
Bang !	
Barely .	
Barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality .	
Barry Sonnenfeld owes Frank the Pug big time	
Bartlett 's hero remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man 's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .	
Basically , it 's pretty but dumb .	
Bearable .	
Because Eight Legged Freaks is partly an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low - budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish conditions .	
Being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .	
Believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half .	
Bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .	
Benigni 's Pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .	
Benigni presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice .	
Berling and	
Bernal and	
Best described as I Know What You Did Last Winter .	
Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection ; falls short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations .	
Big time .	
Bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .	
Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .	
Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time .	
Blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .	
Bogs down badly as we absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .	
Boldly engineering a collision between tawdry B-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , Rose 's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .	
Bond-inspired ?	
Both flawed and delayed , Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .	
Both the crime story and the love story are unusual .	
Boy oh boy , it 's a howler .	
Brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .	
Bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .	
Brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression .	
Britney 's performance can not be faulted .	
Broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .	
Brown 's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .	
Buries an interesting storyline	
But , for that , why not watch a documentary ?	
But , no , we get another scene , and then another .	
But Death to Smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .	
But I do .	
But be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still .	
But even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns ... this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity .	
But fans of the show should not consider this a diss .	
But here 's a glimpse at his life .	
But his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .	
But if you 've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there 's guilty fun to be had here .	
But it does n't need Gangs of New York .	
But it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit .	
But not a whit more .	
But something seems to be missing .	
But the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .	
But this is Lohman 's film .	
But this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it 's about a very human one .	
But when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .	
But you 'd never guess that from the performances .	
Buy popcorn .	
By the end , you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance .	
By the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .	
C'mon !	
Ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ?	
Ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center .	
Cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .	
Calculated swill .	
Call this The Full Monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .	
Cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different .	
Certainly .	
Certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .	
Chances are you wo n't , either .	
Charlize CHASES Kevin with a GUN .	
Charming , if overly complicated ...	
Charming and funny -LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB- movie .	
Children of the Century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .	
Chomp chomp !	
Cinematic pratfalls given a working over .	
Circuit queens wo n't learn a thing , they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .	
Clayburgh and Tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves Eric Schaeffer .	
Clever but not especially compelling .	
Cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie .	
Cold and scattered , Minority Report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .	
Collateral Damage offers formula payback and the Big Payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly .	
Colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .	
Comedy troupe Broken Lizard 's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .	
Confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis .	
Consider this review life-affirming .	
Count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .	
Courtney CHASES Stuart with a CELL PHONE .	
Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy .	
Creeps you out in high style , even if Nakata did it better .	
Crikey indeed .	
Critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-TV rendition of the notorious MTV show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps .	
Cube 's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche .	
Culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter -- right down to the Gryffindor scarf .	
Curling may be a unique sport but Men with Brooms is distinctly ordinary .	
Cynics need not apply . '	
Dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .	
Davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .	
Davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine .	
De Ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter .	
De Niro cries .	
DeMeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .	
Debate it .	
Decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like .	
Defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it .	
Denis forges out of the theories of class - based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .	
Dense and enigmatic ... elusive ... stagy and stilted	
Dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed .	
Denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career .	
Depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .	
Deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits .	
Despite Hoffman 's best efforts , Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before .	
Despite a performance of sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces Oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off	
Despite its raucous intent , XXX is as conventional as a Nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .	
Despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ...	
Despite the pyrotechnics , Narc is strictly by the book .	
Despite these annoyances , the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .	
Did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia ?	
Did the film inform and educate me ?	
Die Another Day is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it 's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with .	
Director Boris von Sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .	
Director Chris Eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking .	
Director David Jacobson gives Dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .	
Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks .	
Director Oliver Parker labors so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .	
Director Roger Michell does so many of the little things right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .	
Director-chef Gabriele Muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin ' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .	
Director-writer Bille August ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger .	
Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves are n't all that interesting .	
Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they are n't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .	
Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .	
Disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical `` Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .	
Diverting French comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .	
Do n't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle .	
Do n't hate El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic .	
Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ?	
Do you say `` hi '' to your lover when you wake up in the morning ?	
Dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .	
Does anyone much think the central story of Brendan Behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ?	
Does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon .	
Does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring .	
Dogtown and Z-Boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become `` the punk kids ' revolution . ''	
Dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .	
Don Michael Paul uses quick-cuts , -LRB- very -RRB- large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double -LRB- for Seagal -RRB- .	
Dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .	
Draggin ' about dragons	
Dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit	
Each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs. man as Brother-Man vs. The Man .	
Each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .	
Earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .	
Earnest but heavy-handed .	
Eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath .	
Eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , Caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .	
Eckstraordinarily lame and Severely boring .	
Egoyan 's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose .	
Eh .	
Either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .	
Elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .	
Enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts ... What is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting .	
Ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr .	
Ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy .	
Entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .	
Entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from Venus and men from Mars can indeed get together .	
Entertainment more disposable than Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons ever were .	
Eric Byler 's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations ...	
Especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .	
Essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality	
Even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs .	
Even more baffling is that it 's funny .	
Even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough .	
Even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it does n't make for completely empty entertainment	
Even with Harris 's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown .	
Every child 's story is what matters .	
Every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked .	
Every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol .	
Everything else about High Crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .	
Everything is pegged into the groove of a New York dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify .	
Everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line .	
Exactly what you 'd expect from a guy named Kaos .	
Examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as Wiseman 's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers .	
Except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .	
Except for Paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .	
Expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished .	
Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair .	
Explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .	
Exposing the ways we fool ourselves is One Hour Photo 's real strength .	
Falls short in explaining the music and its roots .	
Famuyiwa 's feature	
Fans of so-bad-they 're - good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess .	
Far away .	
Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love .	
Feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work .	
Feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in Nine Queens .	
Feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum .	
Feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women .	
Feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .	
Feels untidily honest .	
Few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director Neil Burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering Barry 's terrific performance .	
Film ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .	
Films are made of little moments .	
Finally coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .	
Five screenwriters	
Flawed , but worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance .	
For a debut film , Skin of Man , Heart of Beast feels unusually assured .	
For a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire ?	
For a movie audience , The Hours does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .	
For all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , Blood Work is a strong , character-oriented piece .	
For all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture	
For all the complications , it 's all surprisingly predictable .	
For free .	
For single digits kidlets Stuart Little 2 is still a no brainer .	
Formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market .	
Fortunately , you still have that option .	
Frank McKlusky C.I. is that movie !	
Freundlich 's made -LRB- Crudup -RRB- a suburban architect , and a cipher .	
Frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for .	
From beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .	
Fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .	
Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation .	
Funny , though .	
Gaghan	
Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself used it in Black and White .	
Gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .	
Generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it 's not without style .	
Gere gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it .	
Gibney and Jarecki just want to string the bastard up .	
Gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested .	
Gloriously straight from the vagina .	
Go .	
Go for La Salle 's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script .	
God is great , the movie 's not .	
Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .	
Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through .	
Goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .	
Gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .	
Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth .	
Got a David Lynch jones ?	
Grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .	
Granddad of Le Nouvelle Vague , Jean-Luc Godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .	
Greengrass -LRB- working from Don Mullan 's script -RRB- forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .	
Grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .	
Halloween : Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .	
Handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism .	
Hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman 's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares .	
Hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .	
Harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .	
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate .	
Harvard Man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .	
Has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .	
Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original .	
Has its charming quirks and its dull spots .	
Has its moments , but it 's pretty far from a treasure .	
Has its share of arresting images .	
Has not so much been written as assembled , Frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups .	
Has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .	
He 's worked too hard on this movie .	
He gets his secretary to fax it . ''	
He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates .	
Heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .	
Helps to remind the First World that HIV\/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news .	
Here 's my advice , Kev .	
Here Polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .	
High Crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort .	
Highly irritating at first , Mr. Koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .	
Hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud .	
His best film remains his shortest , The Hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .	
His scenes are short and often unexpected .	
Holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp .	
Hollywood 's answer to an air ball .	
Hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it does n't .	
How I Killed My Father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts .	
How I Killed My Father would be a rarity in Hollywood .	
How about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?	
However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny .	
Humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .	
I 'll put it this way : If you 're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you .	
I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks .	
I 'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .	
I 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .	
I 'm not saying that Ice Age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there 's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life .	
I 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but	
I admit it , I hate to like it .	
I believe Silberling had the best intentions here , but he just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them .	
I ca n't .	
I ca n't remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .	
I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ... it 's supposed to be a drama .	
I did n't think so .	
I do n't even care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff .	
I found myself liking the film , though in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage .	
I found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done .	
I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .	
I have no problem with `` difficult '' movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out .	
I have two words to say about Reign of Fire .	
I highly recommend Irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .	
I know we 're not supposed to take it seriously , but I ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .	
I prefer Soderbergh 's concentration on his two lovers over Tarkovsky 's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .	
I prefer to think of it as `` Pootie Tang with a budget . ''	
I realized that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .	
I saw Juwanna Mann so you do n't have to .	
I survived .	
I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .	
I was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD .	
I wish Windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story .	
I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ... but I laughed so much that I did n't mind .	
I would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .	
Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .	
Ice Age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : Is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?	
If A Few Good Men told us that we `` ca n't handle the truth '' than High Crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we `` do n't care about the truth . ''	
If Borstal Boy is n't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .	
If Deuces Wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .	
If H.G. Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ?	
If I have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , I 'll take the latter every time .	
If Jews were Catholics , this would be Catechism	
If Mr. Zhang 's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially American , his approach to storytelling might be called Iranian .	
If Reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .	
If Signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .	
If Sinise 's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .	
If all of Eight Legged Freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , I would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .	
If horses could fly , this is surely what they 'd look like .	
If legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .	
If only there were one for this kind of movie .	
If the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell .	
If the movie were all comedy , it might work better .	
If the very concept makes you nervous ... you 'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness .	
If there 's one big point to Promises , it 's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other .	
If there ai n't none , you have a problem .	
If this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .	
If this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it .	
If you 're a Crocodile Hunter fan , you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film .	
If you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again .	
If you 're not totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , Quitting hits home with disorienting force .	
If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess - but that does n't make the movie any less entertaining .	
If you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you 're interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid .	
If you adored The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained .	
If you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again .	
If you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you 'll see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II .	
If you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , Sweet Home Alabama is diverting in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act .	
If you do n't ... well , skip to another review .	
If you do n't flee , you might be seduced .	
If you do n't laugh , flee .	
If you ignore the cliches and concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama , it ai n't half-bad .	
If you thought Tom Hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you 've seen him eight stories tall .	
If you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .	
Igby Goes Down is one of those movies .	
Impeccably filmed , sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .	
Impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .	
In -LRB- screenwriter -RRB- Charlie Kaufman 's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .	
In Moonlight Mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .	
In a 102-minute film , Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .	
In a strange way , Egoyan has done too much .	
In a word : No. .	
In both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .	
In capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .	
In gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .	
In his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , Silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .	
In its own way	
In many ways , reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .	
In my opinion , Analyze That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This , but it is a respectable sequel .	
In some ways , Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood .	
In the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .	
In the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .	
In the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , Like Mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .	
In the real world	
In the telling of a story largely untold , Bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .	
In this film , Aussie David Caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of Guy Ritchie .	
In this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .	
In trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .	
Indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild .	
Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .	
Innocuous enough to make even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good .	
Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it does n't disgrace it , either .	
Instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .	
Interesting , but not compelling .	
Is Red Dragon worthy of a place alongside the other Hannibal movies ?	
Is `` Ballistic '' worth the price of admission ?	
Is truth stranger than fiction ?	
It 's 51 times better than this .	
It 's Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .	
It 's Young Guns meets Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs .	
It 's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit .	
It 's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .	
It 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous ' ... the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated .	
It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up .	
It 's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .	
It 's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .	
It 's a fanboy ` what if ? '	
It 's a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles .	
It 's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic ' .	
It 's a sight to behold .	
It 's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear .	
It 's about time .	
It 's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .	
It 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .	
It 's all a rather shapeless good time ...	
It 's all entertaining enough , but do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .	
It 's all gratuitous before long , as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .	
It 's all pretty tame .	
It 's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .	
It 's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .	
It 's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .	
It 's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .	
It 's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic .	
It 's been 20 years since 48 Hrs .	
It 's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our Hollywood has all but lost .	
It 's better than mid-range Steven Seagal , but not as sharp as Jet Li on rollerblades .	
It 's clear that Mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .	
It 's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death	
It 's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .	
It 's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in Invincible and overlook its drawbacks .	
It 's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion .	
It 's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but Westbrook 's foundation and Dalrymple 's film earn their uplift .	
It 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .	
It 's exactly what you 'd expect .	
It 's fitfully funny but never really takes off .	
It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me , but there 's stuff here to like .	
It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .	
It 's hard to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first .	
It 's harmless , diverting fluff .	
It 's just a little too self-satisfied .	
It 's just plain boring .	
It 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .	
It 's like a `` Big Chill '' reunion of the Baader-Meinhof Gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .	
It 's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him .	
It 's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you 'll likely think of this one .	
It 's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love .	
It 's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .	
It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it 's entertaining enough and worth a look .	
It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable .	
It 's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .	
It 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .	
It 's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it 's well worth a rental .	
It 's not hateful .	
It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but I liked it .	
It 's not particularly subtle ... However , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion .	
It 's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly wo n't win any honors .	
It 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .	
It 's obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB- trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom .	
It 's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .	
It 's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .	
It 's really just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .	
It 's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .	
It 's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .	
It 's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .	
It 's still Adam Sandler , and it 's not Little Nicky .	
It 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up .	
It 's sweet ... but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .	
It 's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .	
It 's the type of stunt the Academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .	
It 's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison .	
It 's time to let your hair down -- Greek style .	
It 's too bad nothing else is .	
It 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .	
It 's tough being a black man in America , especially when the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance .	
It 's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life .	
It arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .	
It bites hard .	
It briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - -- audience sadism -- is evaded completely .	
It ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to .	
It comes off as so silly that you would n't be surprised if BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team were seen giving chase in a black and red van .	
It depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .	
It did n't go straight to video .	
It does give you a peek .	
It follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film : Someone crosses Arnie .	
It gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .	
It has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .	
It is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .	
It is a movie about passion .	
It is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .	
It is an indelible epic American story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .	
It is n't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .	
It is not what you see , it is what you think you see .	
It is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective .	
It is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied .	
It is there to give them a good time .	
It is up to you to decide if you need to see it .	
It just does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense .	
It looks much more like a cartoon in the end than The Simpsons ever has .	
It makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time .	
It may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate .	
It may even fall into the category of Films You Love to Hate .	
It may not be `` Last Tango in Paris '' but ...	
It may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?	
It may not be history -- but then again , what if it is ?	
It may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie , but A Song For Martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter .	
It must be in the genes .	
It never is , not fully .	
It plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness .	
It provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza .	
It pulls the rug out from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character , something happens to send you off in different direction .	
It remains to be seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ?	
It says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .	
It seems Grant does n't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all .	
It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between .	
It tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .	
It understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .	
It was a dark and stormy night ...	
It was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .	
It will break your heart many times over .	
It wo n't harm anyone , but neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it .	
It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex .	
It would work much better as a one-hour TV documentary .	
It wraps up a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty .	
Its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .	
Its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .	
Its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .	
Jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .	
Jam-packed with literally bruising jokes .	
Jarecki and Gibney do find enough material to bring Kissinger 's record into question and explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .	
Jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .	
John Carlen 's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling .	
Jolting into Charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate ?	
Jonah is only so-so ... the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it .	
Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .	
Just a Kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .	
Just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .	
Just how these families interact may surprise you .	
Just like Igby .	
Just plain silly .	
Just watch Bettany strut his stuff .	
Kaufman and Jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing .	
Kenneth Branagh 's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly British playwright grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in Los Angeles .	
Kurys never shows why , of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention .	
LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : He 's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .	
LaBute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .	
Lan Yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it does n't even try for the greatness that Happy Together shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB- .	
Largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .	
Last Dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true .	
Lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless .	
Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good , but not here .	
Leigh 's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .	
Less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle .	
Less about Shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations .	
Less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .	
Less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .	
Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .	
Less-than-compelling documentary of a Yiddish theater clan .	
Let 's face it -- there are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears .	
Let 's hope not .	
Life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .	
Life or Something Like It has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities .	
Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr. Wong 's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting .	
Like an episode of MTV 's Undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .	
Like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone .	
Like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .	
Like its predecessor , it 's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate .	
Like other great documentaries ... this goes after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling .	
Like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .	
Like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .	
Like these Russo guys lookin ' for their Mamet instead found their Sturges .	
Lillard and Cardellini earn their Scooby Snacks , but not anyone else .	
Little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games .	
Lohman adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects	
Lucky Break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it 's also drab and inert .	
Made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age ... and then only as a very mild rental .	
Made me feel uneasy , even queasy , because -LRB- Solondz 's -RRB- cool compassion is on the border of bemused contempt .	
Made-Up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .	
Maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .	
Maid in Manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road ... But as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection .	
Make no mistake , ivans xtc .	
Malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain .	
Mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .	
Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by Phifer and Black are ultimately winning .	
Many of Benjamins ' elements feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice .	
Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB- are worthwhile .	
Many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short .	
Marinated	
Mark Wahlberg ... may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry .	
Martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .	
Massoud 's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history .	
Matches neorealism 's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives .	
May be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since Town and Country .	
May seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .	
Maybe Thomas Wolfe was right : You ca n't go home again .	
Meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .	
Meant for Star Wars fans .	
Meant to reduce Blake 's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia .	
Melodrama with a message .	
Merchant has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .	
Merci pour le movie .	
Merry friggin ' Christmas !	
Meyjes focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making .	
Might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .	
Might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .	
Mild , meandering teen flick .	
Mildly amusing .	
Mildly entertaining .	
Missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .	
More of a career curio than a major work .	
More of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .	
More than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology ...	
More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet .	
Moretti plays Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy .	
Most folks with a real stake in the American sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .	
Most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .	
Most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs .	
Mostly Martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle .	
Mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values .	
Much of the digitally altered footage	
Muddled , trashy and incompetent	
Murder by Numbers ' is n't a great movie , but it 's a perfectly acceptable widget .	
Mushes the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB- together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .	
My Wife 's plotting is nothing special ; it 's the delivery that matters here .	
Nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you .	
Nair and writer Laura Cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .	
Nair does n't use -LRB- Monsoon Wedding -RRB- to lament the loss of culture .	
Narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .	
National Lampoon 's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House , but it more closely resembles this year 's version of Tomcats .	
Neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment .	
New Yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell ...	
Newcomer helmer Kevin Donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .	
Ninety minutes of Viva Castro !	
No big hairy deal .	
No matter how firmly director John Stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .	
No matter how you slice it , Mark Wahlberg and Thandie Newton are not Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .	
None of his actors stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : Characterization matters less than atmosphere .	
None of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond , but much of it is good for a laugh .	
Nor is it a romantic comedy .	
Norton holds the film together .	
Not a bad choice here , assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .	
Not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best .	
Not as good as the original , but what is ...	
Not bad , but not all that good .	
Not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by The Piano Teacher .	
Not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .	
Not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .	
Not one moment in the enterprise did n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .	
Not the best Herzog perhaps , but unmistakably Herzog .	
Not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .	
Nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .	
Now I can see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies '' .	
Now he makes them .	
Noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .	
O.K. , not really .	
OK arthouse .	
Observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout Maelstrom .	
Occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring .	
Occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .	
Often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .	
Oh , and Booty Call .	
Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way : Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship .	
Oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .	
On a certain base level , Blue Crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it .	
Once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .	
One gets the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .	
One just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .	
One of -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .	
One of the film 's most effective aspects is its Tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .	
One of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .	
One of the pleasures in Walter 's documentary ... is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .	
One of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way .	
One of those staggeringly well-produced , joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily .	
One thing is for sure : This movie does not tell you a whole lot about Lily Chou-Chou .	
Ong chooses to present Ah Na 's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism .	
Only at the prospect of Beck 's next project .	
Only for young children , if them .	
Only in its final surprising shots does Rabbit-Proof Fence find the authority it 's looking for .	
Only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .	
Only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .	
Oops , she 's really done it this time .	
Oozes condescension from every pore .	
Open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , Talk to Her is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .	
Opening with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends , the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .	
Or both .	
Or else a doggie winks .	
Or for the year , for that matter .	
Or intelligent .	
Or that the battery on your watch has died .	
Otherwise , maybe .	
Overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very Imaxy .	
Overall , it 's a pretty mediocre family film .	
Overall , it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .	
Ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .	
Parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there is n't enough clever innuendo to fil	
Parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core .	
Parts	
Pascale Bailly 's rom-com	
Paul Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell ?	
Paxton 's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .	
Pedro Rodrigues '	
Peralta 's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .	
Performances are potent , and the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving .	
Perhaps not since Nelson Eddy crooned his Indian Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald has there been a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest .	
Perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter .	
Perhaps the most annoying thing about Who Is Cletis Tout ?	
Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness , yet Miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire .	
Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .	
Photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .	
Plays like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast were sending up .	
Please .	
Please see previous answer .	
Plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made Miike ... a cult hero .	
Possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .	
Possibly not since Grumpy Old Men have I heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .	
Post 9\/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended .	
Presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .	
Proof of this is Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever .	
Proves mainly that South Korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts .	
Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie .	
Provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .	
Pull -LRB- s -RRB- off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel .	
Pumpkin struts about with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .	
Punitively affirmational parable .	
Pure of intention and passably diverting , His Secret Life is light , innocuous and unremarkable .	
Put it somewhere between Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell in the pantheon of Billy Bob 's body of work .	
Quelle surprise !	
Quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house .	
Qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .	
Rabbit-Proof Fence will probably make you angry .	
Ram Dass Fierce Grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .	
Ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious .	
Real Women Have Curves does n't offer any easy answers .	
Really dumb but occasionally really funny .	
Recoing 's fantastic performance does n't exactly reveal what makes Vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .	
Red Dragon is less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than Silence .	
Red Dragon makes one appreciate Silence of the Lambs .	
Reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition .	
Reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .	
Renner ?	
Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and Ryoko Hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .	
Represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller\/horror genre .	
Resident Evil is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings .	
Reyes ' word processor .	
Ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose Madonna .	
Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story ?	
Robin Williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .	
Rodriguez ... was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .	
Routine and rather silly .	
Ruh-roh !	
Ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .	
Sa da TAY !	
Same guy with both hats .	
Same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse .	
Samuel Beckett applied to the Iranian voting process .	
Sandra Bullock 's best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB- almost enough to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot .	
Saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion .	
Sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .	
Schneider 's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression .	
Schnitzler 's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying .	
Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .	
Sean Penn , you owe Nicolas Cage an apology .	
Secretary is not a movie about fetishism .	
See it now , before the inevitable Hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles .	
Seeing Seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but .	
Self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .	
Sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .	
Serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .	
Sex With Strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness .	
Shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams , trots out every ghost trick from The Sixth Sense to The Mothman Prophecies .	
Shamelessly resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still , Myer 's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail	
Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .	
She 's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does n't reveal an inner life .	
She 's not yet an actress , not quite a singer ...	
Sheridan	
Show me the mugging .	
Showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment .	
Silly , loud and goofy .	
Simply does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .	
Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .	
Since Lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random E !	
Since the movie is based on a Nicholas Sparks best seller , you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things .	
Sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist Japanese jokes .	
Sitting through the last reel -LRB- spoiler alert ! -RRB-	
Skillful as he is , Mr. Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .	
Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .	
Slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .	
Slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious .	
Smothered by its own solemnity .	
Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ... it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera .	
Snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .	
So brisk is Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .	
So earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script .	
So here it is : It 's about a family of sour immortals .	
So riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .	
So unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .	
So verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie .	
So-so entertainment .	
Soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .	
Solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .	
Some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie .	
Some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent .	
Some may choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic but I think Payne is after something darker .	
Some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills .	
Some movies blend together as they become distant memories .	
Some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff .	
Some people want the ol' ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the Ball and Chain .	
Some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .	
Sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .	
Sometimes shorter is better .	
Sometimes this ` Blood ' seems as tired as its protagonist ... Still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game .	
Sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it does n't .	
Sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to Frida Kahlo as if her life did , too .	
Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates .	
Spare yet audacious ...	
Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .	
Spend your Benjamins on a matinee .	
Spider-Man is in the same category as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .	
Spy-vs .	
Steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes .	
Still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin .	
Stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of Ghost and Close Encounters of the Third Kind .	
Streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , `` Big Trouble '' is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .	
Strictly middle of the road .	
Strident and inelegant in its ` message-movie ' posturing .	
Stuart 's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating .	
Succeeds only because Bullock and Grant were made to share the silver screen .	
Suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling .	
Suffice to say that after seeing this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is .	
Summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .	
Sunshine State surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology .	
Super Troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers .	
Supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy .	
Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .	
Swimfan , like Fatal Attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .	
Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny .	
Teens only .	
Tells -LRB- the story -RRB- with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems is simply a matter of -LRB- being -RRB- in a shrugging mood .	
Tennessee Williams by way of Oprah 's Book Club .	
Thanks to Ice Cube , Benjamins feels an awful lot like Friday in Miami .	
That 's not vintage Spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .	
That death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions .	
That is because - damn it !	
That is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .	
That the Chuck Norris `` grenade gag '' occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .	
The 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture .	
The 70-year-old Godard has become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .	
The Armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment .	
The Balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman .	
The Country Bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .	
The Emperor 's Club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but ...	
The Fast Runner ' transports the viewer into an unusual space	
The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies ... but the film suffers from its own difficulties .	
The Lady and the Duke is Eric Rohmer 's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama	
The Master of Disguise is funny -- not `` ha ha '' funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny .	
The Pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List .	
The Pinochet Case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .	
The Porky 's Revenge : Ultimate Edition ?	
The Ring is worth a look , if you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment .	
The Rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects .	
The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but I 've got to give it thumbs down .	
The Spalding Gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .	
The Sundance Film Festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing .	
The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways .	
The Trinity Assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and George Ratliff 's documentary , Hell House , reflects their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film .	
The action is reasonably well-done ... yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .	
The actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect .	
The actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers do n't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .	
The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet Return to Neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .	
The animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but Jonah ... never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .	
The animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .	
The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot ... -LRB- but -RRB- from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold .	
The beautiful , unusual music is this film 's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep .	
The best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding .	
The best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .	
The best way to describe it is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.	
The biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .	
The bland outweighs the nifty , and Cletis Tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is .	
The boys ' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on Guei , wears down the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements .	
The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ... Then Mike Myers shows up and ruins everything .	
The camera twirls !	
The camera whirls !	
The cast comes through even when the movie does n't .	
The cast has a high time , but de Broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .	
The central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .	
The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours .	
The climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does	
The combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives Italian for Beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic .	
The comedy makes social commentary more palatable .	
The culmination of everyone 's efforts is given life when A Selection appears in its final form -LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB- .	
The dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film .	
The date movie that Franz Kafka would have made .	
The directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge	
The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing .	
The director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .	
The dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . '	
The doofus-on - the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it .	
The dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically .	
The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but Huppert 's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .	
The ending does n't work ... but most of the movie works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong .	
The entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what 's available is lovely and lovable .	
The entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .	
The execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .	
The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .	
The farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one .	
The film 's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .	
The film 's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments .	
The film 's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that Russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality .	
The film 's only missteps come from the script 's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics .	
The film 's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .	
The film 's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design .	
The film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but Ram Dass : Fierce Grace does n't organize it with any particular insight .	
The film did n't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .	
The film favors the scientific over the spectacular -LRB- visually speaking -RRB- .	
The film has a childlike quality about it .	
The film has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies .	
The film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .	
The film is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end .	
The film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome .	
The film is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles .	
The film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .	
The film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get .	
The film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in .	
The film sometimes flags ... but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace .	
The film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine into national media circles .	
The film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .	
The film truly does rescue -LRB- the Funk Brothers -RRB- from Motown 's shadows .	
The film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .	
The film was n't preachy , but it was feminism by the book .	
The film will appeal to Discovery Channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses .	
The filmmaker 's heart is in the right place ...	
The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .	
The filmmakers lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor .	
The filmmakers might want to look it up .	
The first half bursts with a goofy energy previous Disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .	
The fourth in a series that I 'll bet most parents had thought -- hoped !	
The funny thing is , I did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit .	
The good is very , very good ... The rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful .	
The good thing -- the only good thing -- about Extreme Ops is that it 's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list .	
The images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where Whitaker 's misfit artist is concerned .	
The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable , but the results are uneven .	
The inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .	
The innocence of holiday cheer ai n't what it used to be .	
The isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .	
The kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself .	
The kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . .	
The last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others ' affections .	
The limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie .	
The main problem being that it 's only a peek .	
The members manage to pronounce KOK exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible .	
The message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .	
The message of such reflections -- intentional or not -- is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one .	
The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .	
The most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 Miles to Graceland .	
The most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog Rover Dangerfield .	
The most remarkable -LRB- and frustrating -RRB- thing about World Traveler , which opens today in Manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank .	
The movie 's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance .	
The movie 's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .	
The movie 's messages are quite admirable , but	
The movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .	
The movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there 's just not much lurking below its abstract surface .	
The movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like Chris Rock .	
The movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers .	
The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people .	
The movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .	
The movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .	
The movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .	
The movie is n't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .	
The movie is obviously a labour of love so Howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .	
The movie is our story as much as it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale .	
The movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .	
The movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine . '	
The movie plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .	
The movie should be credited with remembering his victims .	
The movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself .	
The movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .	
The movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments ... but it 's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much .	
The movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .	
The name says it all .	
The narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .	
The next big thing 's not-so-big -LRB- and not-so-hot -RRB- directorial debut .	
The niftiest trick perpetrated by The Importance of Being Earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and a Hollywood-ized Austen at that .	
The obligatory break-ups and hook-ups do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .	
The only time 8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .	
The only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its Labor Day weekend upload , FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hits .	
The origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books .	
The pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .	
The pace of the film is very slow -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- and that too becomes off-putting .	
The party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks .	
The path Ice Age follows most closely , though , is the one established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release .	
The people in ABC Africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras .	
The performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .	
The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .	
The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject .	
The picture does n't know it 's a comedy .	
The pitch must have read like a discarded House Beautiful spread .	
The plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '	
The plot 's clearly mythic structure may owe more to Disney 's strong sense of formula than to the original story .	
The plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .	
The plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .	
The plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .	
The power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up .	
The problem is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .	
The problems of the people in Love in the Time of Money are hardly specific to their era .	
The question hanging over The Time Machine is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ? '	
The real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , Jean Reno , who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep .	
The real question this movie poses is not ` Who ? '	
The reason to see `` Sade '' lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB- .	
The respective charms of Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant have worn threadbare .	
The result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .	
The result is more depressing than liberating , but it 's never boring .	
The result might look like Vulgar .	
The results , if not memorable , are at least interesting .	
The same should go for movie theaters .	
The screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as Hip-Hop Scooby-Doo .	
The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .	
The script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime ' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids .	
The sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready .	
The setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game .	
The sight of the name Bruce Willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind -- maybe too much .	
The simplicity of The Way Home has few equals this side of Aesop	
The smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up , shoot 'em - up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .	
The sound of GUNFIRE and cell phones RINGING .	
The soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .	
The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .	
The story is so light and sugary that were it a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .	
The story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there 's a certain style and wit to the dialogue .	
The stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .	
The strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film .	
The symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees .	
The talk-heavy film plays like one of Robert Altman 's lesser works .	
The thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .	
The threat	
The tonal shifts are jolting , and though Wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive .	
The tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons .	
The umpteenth summer skinny dip in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .	
The video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch .	
The vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .	
The warnings to resist temptation in this film ... are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .	
The whole affair is as predictable as can be .	
The whole mildly pleasant outing -- the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen .	
The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .	
Then Nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .	
There 's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned , as its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate , but generally , it 's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance .	
There 's a lot of good material here , but there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .	
There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but Kang tacks on three or four more endings .	
There 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and The Count of Monte Cristo ... never quite settles on either side .	
There 's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .	
There 's no clear picture of who killed Bob Crane .	
There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan , but it 's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted .	
There 's no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again .	
There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice , but it 's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .	
There 's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to .	
There 's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises ... but that 's OK .	
There 's something about a marching band that gets me where I live .	
There 's something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American .	
There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .	
There ai n't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious .	
There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies .	
There are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .	
There are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .	
There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .	
There are moments of real pleasure to be found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film .	
There are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .	
There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome , but it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling .	
There are things to like about Murder By Numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements do n't gel .	
There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but Brown Sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .	
There has to be a few advantages to never growing old .	
There is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .	
There is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .	
There is so much plodding sensitivity .	
These two are generating about as much chemistry as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector .	
They 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .	
They do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film .	
They exist for hushed lines like `` They 're back ! ''	
They should have found Orson Welles ' great-grandson .	
They were right .	
Thin period piece .	
This English-language version ... does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .	
This Scarlet 's letter is A. . .	
This big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .	
This engrossing , characteristically complex Tom Clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .	
This film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers .	
This follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter .	
This harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .	
This heist flick about young Brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper .	
This is NOT a retread of `` Dead Poets ' Society . ''	
This is SO De Palma .	
This is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them .	
This is a nervy , risky film , and Villeneuve has inspired Croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi .	
This is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool .	
This is amusing for about three minutes .	
This is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous .	
This is more a case of ` Sacre bleu ! '	
This is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .	
This is n't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work .	
This is n't a terrible film by any means , but it 's also far from being a realized work .	
This is not Chabrol 's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .	
This is the first film I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved .	
This is the first full scale WWII flick from Hong Kong 's John Woo .	
This may be Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic .	
This movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it 's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .	
This new Time Machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable .	
This one is certainly well-meaning , but it 's also simple-minded and contrived .	
This one is strictly a lightweight escapist film .	
This rough trade Punch-and-Judy act did n't play well then and it plays worse now .	
This sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .	
This slow-moving Swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .	
This sort of cute and cloying material is far from Zhang 's forte and it shows .	
This version moves beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .	
This version of H.G. Wells ' Time Machine was directed by H.G. Wells ' great-grandson .	
This will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .	
Those of you who do n't believe in Santa Claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original .	
Those unfamiliar with Mormon traditions may find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering .	
Those who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .	
Though Frodo 's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined New Zealanders has proved its creative mettle .	
Though Haynes ' style apes films from the period ... its message is not rooted in that decade .	
Though excessively tiresome , The Uncertainty Principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .	
Though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .	
Though it inspires some -LRB- out-of-field -RRB- creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .	
Though it never rises to its full potential as a film , still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .	
Though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal , I felt disrespected .	
Though its atmosphere is intriguing ... the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .	
Though not for everyone , The Guys is a somber trip worth taking .	
Though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .	
Though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , Jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .	
Though uniformly well acted , especially by young Ballesta and Galan -LRB- a first-time actor -RRB- , writer\/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .	
Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces do n't quite fit together .	
Throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment .	
Tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard .	
To show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree .	
To some eyes	
To the degree that ivans xtc .	
To work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer .	
Tom Green and an Ivy League college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .	
Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .	
Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .	
Too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could 've been an impacting film .	
Too ordinary to restore -LRB- Harmon -RRB- to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .	
Trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .	
Trailer park Magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all .	
Triumph of Love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree .	
Troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .	
True Hollywood Story .	
Try Hell House , which documents the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name .	
Tsai Ming-liang 's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .	
Tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu .	
Tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .	
Twenty years later , Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task .	
Twist open the Ouzo !	
Two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .	
Ultimate X is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine .	
Ultimately , Jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .	
Ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .	
Ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .	
Um , no. .	
Underachieves only in not taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough .	
Unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and Woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart .	
Unfortunately , neither Sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .	
Unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , Harvard Man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .	
Unofficially , National Lampoon 's Van Wilder is Son of Animal House .	
